an amazing professor! she herself is kind and friendly, and is always willing to help us to get into the field of cse. her lectures are always clear and understandable, i love her way of teaching sooooo much! her psas have very clear requirements so that we are able to follow the instructions. do take her classes !!', "alvarado is great, but from what i have gathered, her 100 is harder than other 100's. if vocareum is correct, the class avg is a 69% and midterms avg is 67%. she didn't curve. would not take with her again only because of the relative difficulty. if you check cape, the other 100's have avg grades of b-/b and her other 100 has an avg of c+.", "really cares about her students and wants everyone to do well. as long as you attend lectures and read for the clicker quizzes you'll do fine. i had no prior programming experience and learned alot. she was a joy to have for my very first comp sci professor and made the class great.", "i took a version of the class that had many ta's and small sections. alvarado and the ta were fatastic . they cared about our learning experience. the exams were similar to the quizzes. the pa's difficulty increased gradually. my ta and some tutors even had extra exam review sessions that helped. fair grading and great support system.", 'solid lecturer, really enthusiastic about teaching. the class is definitely well-organized, and i learned a lot from it.', "how much work you put in, will determine your grade. she gives you all the tools for success, it's up to you to use them. probably the best cse lecturer i've had. does a great job explaining, and her test are very representative of what you learn, with a little challenge.", "the two biggest pros to alvarado cse100 are the great lecturing and the great choices of topics, but there's a lot more to like about it than that. the pas are very challenging but they teach you a huge amount both on the theoretical and implementation levels. the slides and resources are extremely well-made. very responsive and helpful as well.", "alvarado is energetic and knowledgable. lectures are very clear; slides are usually posted online the night before. the reading is redundant if you go to lecture or can read oracle's documentation, but there are reading quizzes at the beginning of most classes. 4 very short in-term exams were manageable with light studying, final moderate.", "christine is one of the best professors i've ever had. she genuinely cares about her students and she is always willing to help you if you don't understand something. attendance is mandatory because of daily quizzes (iclicker) but she's so fun and it was always a joy going to her lectures. take her! she's amazing.", 'professor alvarado is a great computer science professor, especially if you have no experience with coding (like me when before i took this course). her enthusiasm and energy every lecture definitely helps keep you awake. definitely would take a class with her again if possible!', 'very nice professor. feeling sad that she is not teaching 8b this winter.', 'awesome teacher. took her for 8b and going to have her again for 100. makes topics very simple and knows her stuff.', "nobody can teach data structures better than her. she had open-ended programming assignments, challenging optional extensions, an amazing free online text book. her tests are from her quizzes , worksheets and slides. her ta' s and tutors were great. i just wish we didnt have work every day and had a break between assignments. it was too stressful.", "great professor and the most interesting and engaging class i had this quarter. she gives you enough assignments so that there's room for error/improvement unlike many other classes based on like, 3 exams and a few quizzes. attendance is essential to pass. not intimidating at all, and really friendly. drops lowest grades in most categories.", "excellent professor, maybe the best one i ever had! prof. alvarado is very clear, makes sure everyone has understood the material and wants everyone to pass. she's very nice and her course are very interesting.", 'very interesting class. coding intensive. started out okay. after week4, it got pretty hectic. exams, classes, assignments, exams, classes, assignments. but, learnt a lot. she could have organized it better, planned it so the work load was more uniform. towards the end of the quarter i was so relieved it was over.', 'great professor; had her for 8a, 12, 90, and 191. definitely recommend', "she's overall an awesome choice. but i have no idea why she gives a required extension part for pa4. which is a total pain. you need to spend tons of time to get only a very small portion of the grade for that pa. i just hope this could be star point instead of required.", "take alvarado if you can! 8a was more interesting with her enthusiasm and she knows what she's doing. tests were okay and assignments were difficult, but it's not her fault, computer science is just a harder subject in the first place . but if you do whatever is required and spend the extra time outside of class studying then you should be fine", "she is just pure awesome. i learn't just so much. her assignments taught me a ton. her exams were tough but fair. i was inspired after taking her class. she further kindered my interest in data science. she further proves that women can be rockstars in software and tech.", "do yourself a favor and take her for every class that you can. hands down the best cse teacher in ucsd. her lectures are amazing, and her ta's and discussion sections are super helpful. i learned so much from this class.", 'she excelled at teaching the concepts, students were rarely confused when it came to the topics presented in lecture. the homework, however, was a lot more confusing and the instructions usually were too vague and left the majority of students confused as to what was required. the tests were very fair.', "christine is the best professor/teacher i have ever had. i can't imagine a case where signing up for her class wouldn't be top priority. suuuuper generous with grades, very positive person, crystal clear and always willing to help. seriously, take her. you will not regret it.", 'awesome professor! her explanations are very clear, the class structure is great. one of the best professors i had. expect to spend some time outside of class working on assignments.', "great professor. clear, easy to understand, and fair grader. one of the best-structured courses i've ever taken that requires a good amount of participation (for your benefit). quizzes were fair -- somewhat challenging but never unreasonable. one of the better cs professors at ucsd, in my opinion.", "she's good. very enthusiastic and engaging. does help a lot outside of class! had a lot of additional interesting information about the subject we studied.", "prof alvarado was a great teacher. the class was hard, but certainly not impossible. start pas early, especially the last one, it's a ton of work. the midterms were pretty hard, her grading is fair. i feel that i learned a lot in this course, and i think i got a decent grade as well.", "professor alvarado is super amazing. she's the type of typical-science-field-professor, but you'll always find her super inspirational. she really cares her students, and she encourages students a lot. this is the first time i ever touch this field, and she makes the experience super interesting. and she's a super great lecturer! cse 8a rocks!", "pay attention in her class,attend discussion, start early on the pa's & do the reading and quizzes regularly, you will become a c++ and data structures pro. and a a grade if that is good motivation. the only class i was diligent and it was totally worth it. she is the best and her tas are great. her tests are so easy and she is the bestest"]
["diba is a super great lecturer. she makes things so clear and easy to understand and she is super nice! this is the first cs class that i understood what was being taught in lecture. her pa's are also reasonable and she gives you enough tools to finish them.", '"she is a very good lecturer and very clear. i am not sure why other people are complaining, she really cares about her students. would take again. 0"', "one of the best professor i've ever had, she is really enthusiastic about teaching, and makes every concept crystal clear. exams and grading are really fair.", "i took cse30 with her during summer 2015. despite of the pace during summer session, she was able to cover all the materials as of in a regular quarter. her pa's are straightforward but her tests are somehow tricky. if you want to do well, make sure you understand all concepts very well. hard a.", 'great lecturer, happy to talk to you after class and during office hours. excellent slides annotated during lecture. uses clickers in class to help drive discussion. shapes her lectures based on student input. clickers count for participation.', "really solid professor who's always ready for class. i highly recommend her. i'm really glad that i got to take this course with her. she also records her lectures just in case you don't understand something the first time around. the exams were straightforward but were unforgiving. a small mistake could cost you a letter grade. so be careful.", 'shes super enthusiastic about the material which rubs off on me and makes me super enthusiastic about the material.', 'programming assignments were somewhat challenging. midterm and final was pretty difficult. daily reading quizzes, but the questions were posted the day before so you can prepare.', 'diba is a great professor, bunch of whiners. all of the schedule changes were to the students benefit. tests are hard, what did you expect? be greatly missed .', "one of the greatest cs professors at ucsd! lectures are clear and concise. attend office hours if you are struggling probably the most fun i've had learning cs at ucsd", "diba is the greatest. she's super sweet and funny, and her lectures are excellent. she extends assignment deadlines when she deems appropriate. the exams were very fair based on her lectures and programming assignments. she doesn't give away the answers in the lectures, but she gives you what you need to succeed. really enjoyed her class.", 'dumbest comment ever: " she always changes the due date of coding assignments without any announcement which is horrible!!". yeah, each time she extended the due date. she did announce the extensions, in class. if you are really that dumb enough to post a stupid comment then you probably should jump out the house on top of warren.', 'the professor indeed has tried all her best to teach us. have you even seen a professor who even annotated each slide so clearly for you? whenever you went to her office hour, she was super nice and teach you so clearly. do you a favor and take her if you have the chance.', "professor mirza's lectures are clear and does a really good job of condensing the reading into a nice set of annotated slides which are made available online after class. would take her again.", 'i really enjoying taking the class with her. she really cares about the content she teaches and her students. it was especially helpful that she recorded her lectures for podcasts when classes ran low on time. i also like she annotated the slides. her tests were fair too with practice exams given beforehand. highly recommended.', "i thought professor mirza was one of the best professors i've ever had. not only in the cs department, but at ucsd as a whole. her class is challenging, but if you aren't prepared for/excited by a challenge then you really shouldn't be taking cs classes much less attempting to major in it. she is a great professor! take her if you get the chance.", "professor diba is the most amazing cs professor at ucsd. took her for 30 in fall, 100 in winter, and now 140 in spring. i would take her for every cs class at ucsd if possible. she's so enthusiastic and witty and makes cs enjoyable. i actually feel confident regarding the material she teaches. would recommend!", 'absolutely one of the best professors at ucsd, period. diba is an inspiration to us all. her lectures are very valuable, pas are more than reasonable. the midterms and final are well representative of the material taught in the class.', "a good professor, easy coding assignment and likely to extend due date if necessary. exams are not hard, but can be tricky, make sure you prepared very well before you attend her exam, don't miss a word on her slide, a few words can worth lots of points, really lots. not likely to curve, really strict cutoff.", 'diba is the best professor i have ever had the privilege to learn from. her knowledge and teaching skills are incredible . its easy to get lost in certain cs concepts, but diba makes these concepts easy to grasp by carefully expolring them in lecture in utmost detail. any comment that she is a bad professor simply comes from a bad student.', 'overall really solid teacher, lectures are very clear, somewhat interesting. she is fairly funny. quiz questions and multiple choice on midtermfinal can be tricky. easy b, very possible to get an a', "wowww so many negative feedback for diba. she is one of the nicest and great cs professor i have had so far at ucsd. people just bitter about their grade and how she doesn't curve. ece doesn't curve either and their class average is 50%.... it just how it is. you have to work hard to earn your grade!!! the tutors, ta and prof are awesome.", 'professor diba mirza is a blessing to ucsd. i was one of the lucky students who was able to take her cse 30 class before she left the school. every day she comes to class she brings her humor, insight, and kindness. she is a fair professor, and honestly her students love her for it. i like the cse profs at ucsd, but diba is by far my favorite.', 'learned a lot of assembly and how to implement them. the tests really test concepts, but she reviews it beforehand in class. lenient and understanding towards student difficulties. a gem of professionalism hope ucsb treats her better than we deserve', "diba is a great professor. she's an inspirational professor who is really passionate about what she is teaching. sure, her class isn't an easy, but it is definitely fair. you just have to study and really understand the material inside out. i'm sad that she is leaving ucsd. ucsb is so lucky to have her now!", 'one of my favorite professors. enjoyed speaking to her after class and is a fair grader. my quarter people were very rude to her :( the etiquette standards are much lower for the student-professor relationship than they used to be, even 3 years ago when i started at ucsd', 'far less intimidating than other cse faculty, and appears to genuinely enjoy interacting with students. lecture is generally pretty clear. you can space out when she spends too long on a proof, but anything related to the assignments is useful. reading quizzes are a joke. as with any cse class here, the tutorspiazza are your best bet for help.', "diba is an amazing human being and a brilliant professor. i highly recommend her. she is very enthusiastic and interested in teaching the material. she takes everybody's questions and is very helpful and clear. she's also very approachable. do not miss this opportunity.", "great professor overall. tricky midterms, but the final was super fair game. pas are reasonable, and she really listened to everyone's complaints and criticism to improve the class as we went on.", "fa14. great professor. lectures are very clear, homework can be tricky, but isn't too bad. exams are fair. very willing to help during lecture. pretty good sense of humor. fairly easy-going. check your edge cases.", 'great professor! would definitely recommend. caring and approachable. always willing to help. will take questions in lecture explain thoroughly .', "so i see that the earlier negative rating was posted on the day of our midterm (today lol)- it's true that i think one of the questions was a little screwed up, but they were pretty generous with the grading. important to note that the code-writing questions on diba's tests are never hard b/c she understands how much time pressure we're under.", "tbh i am a bit salty she didn't round up my 92.8 to an a but whatever bc the class wasn't that hard. i never read the textbook she assigned us. the midterms were a bit tricky at times and unrelated to the pas but she covered mostly everything on the exams in lecture. final was pretty easy too. quizzes, however, are a nightmare.", 'one of the best cs profs @ ucsd. haters claim class is difficult , however over a third of students got an a. another third got a b. we never had complicated c coding at all. this means the arm code was fairly straightforward. the whiners were probably the same kids i had w/ cse 21 last quarter who were the most disrespectful/entitled kids.', "you need to really know what you're doing to do well. blind memorization will not be enough. if you truly try your best, i believe you can get the grade you set out for. but you'll definitely need to work for it.", 'she is one of the best cse professors i have had in my a little longer than one year of college. her lectures are pretty clear. not too many programming assignments. a quiz per week online which you can do twice. exams are not hard as well as long as you study it. i am so glad i took her cse 30 in her last quarter at ucsd. great professor!']
['awesome teacher!!! always try to find new ways to help students undertstand', "easy and not an intolerable amount of work. this class was very manageable, if you do everything you're supposed to do: attend class, do the prelab and maybe skim through the textbook once in a while ( like 10-15mins a day for studying after the first few weeks/ you get the hang of alice) you will get an a. very reasonable class and professor.", 'great professor! just wished she taught other cse courses as well.', "class isnt hard, it's just that there is a lottt to do. labs are annoyingly long and can take the whole 2 hrs. might be best for you to come in 30 min earlier to make sure you finish on time. there is a quiz every week (lowest two dropped), a project, a midterm, a final, and some other little random assignments online that take about 10-20 min.", "she is awesome. extremely helpful, very cool, one of those rare teacher who actually care about the students' learning and try their best to help them. she always tries out new things to make the class more interesting and fun. i loved her! but sometimes she words her homeworks and questions a little confusingly", 'to imagine how hard this class is for ppl w/ no experience in comp sci, picture a novice chef trying to cook something with no recipe. the codes we create for our psas are a lot more complex than textbook & lecture examples. the only way to understand how to do the psas is by going through struggling hours of experimentation on codes.', "take this class. easiest credits you'll ever earn. our 550 person class has an overall average of 90%. i've got an a without reading the book, paying attention in class, and half-assing all my labs. if you go to class and finish your labs you should be fine.", 'beth is a great professor and does her best with a difficult subject. the class is sometimes difficult (psas towards the end suck!!), but she actually teaches and you learn a lot!', "she's passionate about computing and teaching, which is a stellar combination for this class. she throws in some career advice, trivia, and prizes here and there, but keeps the class focused. challenging at times, but the challenges are worth it. highly recommended.", "class is very time consuming. lots of unnecessary work. prof tries too hard to make the class engaging, like making assignments that help you appreciate technology. it's easy if you can keep up with the classwork and coming to lecture everyday (clicker questions).", "easily one of the best professors i've ever had. she is so enthusiastic about what she teaches, it's hard not to be interested as well. uses technology to teach, another plus with me.", "excellent professor. one of the best i've had during college. she really cares about her students and their learning, so is always doing research to find the best teaching strategies. i would recommend her for anyone.", "she is a great teacher and cares about her students. she is willing to help anyone who seek her help. you can learn a lot in her class, and you'll love her class. i highly recommend this proffessor.", 'will go out of her way to help students. clearly cares a lot about what she does and the material she teaches', "professor simon's an amazing professor. she truly cares about teaching and works hard to help students learn. the weekly labs can be annoying but as a whole, this class was easy as long as you do the work and pay attention. her midterm and final questions are very similar to questions in class.", 'this class is one of the easiest computer science classes at ucsd. prof. simon makes the class really interesting, and its not hard to get an a if you have common sense and go to class.', "good professor. for 8a there is a bit too much hand-holding - labs, psa interviews, pair programming - if you need it - good, if not it's annoying. however she is willing to give you advice being a cse major. a good class to take first quarter", 'professor simon is a very good lecturer and promotes us to ask questions and discuss topics with our peers.her midterm and final were pretty easy, but the class in general took a lot more time than i had hoped. she gives a ton of busy work, which is waste of time, so, if you want to take a "filler class" where you can goof off this is not it!', 'passionate about teaching and helping students. i personally had a difficult time in this class struggled with psas and exams. no longer pursuing a cse major.', "awesome professor - my favorite so far. her research deals with using technology to teach, which . . . makes her a great teacher. the class is fairly easy, and she's such a good lecturer that you hardly need the textbook at all. don't hesitate to take simon!", "amazing professor! she really cares about her students and is the only professor i've had at ucsd so far that goes out of her way to ensure that the student can grasp the material. i attribute the high grades in her class not from the easiness of the material, but rather, from her motivating style of teaching.", 'having taken cse3 in fall, i have to agree with the previous comment that this course is over-hyped as &quot;easy.&quot; the labs are stressful in that you have to rush to finish them, but the class is pretty average. you just have to spend time putting the effort.', 'very good teacher for beginning cs students. very enthusiastic and cares about her students.', "this class is a lot harder than everyone made it up to be. i mean, people told me i'd learn what a mouse was. wrong! i think the &quot;super easy&quot; rep came from marx since she normally teaches this class. i thought that what i'd learn would at least be useful. wrong again! i am never going to open up alice again thank you!", 'great professor for both 8a/8b. truly cares about teaching well. may talk a little fast. i had no prior experience in coding and was trying the field out, but she made it a lot simpler. assignments are hard so start early. weekly quizzes. does in class clicker questions that really help. wish she taught more cse classes', "absolutely awesome professor. you couldn't ask for a more understanding and easy-to-talk-to computer science professor.", 'great professor! take her if you can.', "professor simon is an awesome professor. she is very enthusiastic and genuinely cares about her students' learning. she explains the material in a clear and concise manner and is always well prepared for class. overall this prof is awesome and i hope to get her again.", "she's a really great teacher, and she's easy to talk to. class is a bit confusing at times, but she can help you out with no problem.", 'enthusiastic professor, great teacher. the class is easy but you still learn what you are supposed to. also gives cse major advice. quizzes are a bit hard but are only 4% of the grade.', 'as uninterested in this subject as i am, she made it as interesting as humanly possible. just show up, pay attention, study the sample exam questions and you can get an a. she is a pretty cool lady.', "just do and understand your psa by yourself and you'll do fine on midterms and finals"]
["sanjoy dasgupta is one of those rare professors that you'll get once every blue moon. he is extremely good at teaching and will make sure that you walk out of every lecture with a good understanding of what he just taught. outside of lecture, he is also very helpful as he shows great care for his students performances. take dasgupta for cse 101.", 'one of the greatest professors i&#472;e had', 'i guess, his lecture is excellent and he has good sense of humor. however, it does not really guarantee good grade.( i guess, more than 30% class dropped the cse 103.)', 'absolutely fantastic professor and person. incredibly accomplished yet humble and inspiring. i would recommend professor dasgupta 1000 times over.', "he's cool. he takes things slowly.", 'algorithms are fundamentally important for any cs/ce student, and dasgupta the best at it. having co-written the textbook used by students at other universities including berkeley, the material in his lectures are clear and identical to the that of his textbook. the homework was tough, but the quizzes were extremely easy by comparison.', 'has absolutely the best lectures! is very clear, precise, and most of all interesting! makes great analogies to difficult topics.', "extremely interesting lectures. (the only boring ones in cse91 were when he had guest speakers.) his accent is not thick, and he's perfectly easy to understand once you hear him for 5 minutes and get acclimated to it. homework and quizzes are extremely easy. easy -- but fun -- pass. go to lecture.", "one of ucsd's best lecturers. go to class and you'll learn so much.", "his professor is awesome. you can't say you are a student in computer science at uc san diego if you never take his course.", 'inspirational', 'one of my favorite lecturers at ucsd. he wrote the textbook too!', 'sanjoy is fantastic. best i have ever had', "he really knows how to teach. if you put the time in to this class you will learn fundamental algorithm techniques that actually stick.this could've been theory intensive, but he made understandable and applicable.", "he's the best math professor at ucsd. his lectures are clear and helpful, which make reading the book optional. he's also extremely helpful during office hours if you need help with homeworks. exams and quizzes are fair as long as you put your time on practicing how to write algorithms and other materials he covered in class.", 'great lectures, amazing depth of knowledge.', "fantastic professor, one of the few on campus that are extremely talented and can actually teach. homeworks were challenging at times, but overall very fair. midterms usually consisted of a few homework problems. dasgupta was one of the best lecturers i've ever had (in any department) and the class was very rewarding.", 'the beginning of the class is easy, but it gets progressively harder so watch out. awesome professor, his lectures are actually worth while. watch out for other students, for some reason everyone was highly competitive.', 'you have to take 250b under dasgupta. he is simply awesome!', 'nice guy and a good lecturer. homeworks were really hard and harshly graded. another awful theory class but good prof.', 'one awesome professor, and exams were really fair, but you should definitely perfect doing your homework before calling yourself a master otherwise you will make stupid mistakes.', "i thought algorithms would be absolutely dreadful, but prof dasgupta actually made it interesting. he is one of the clearest, most systematic and thorough lecturers i've ever encountered. he freaking wrote the textbook so it fits perfectly with the class. great inclass examples. homeworks are tough but promote learning, tests are easy. great prof.", 'good prof but quiz and exam is hard', "dasgupta is an excellent lecturer with a good sense of humor. his slides are concise and clear, and follow the textbook (since he co-wrote it). the material and homeworks are somewhat difficult, but if you keep at it and practice and study, the exams are not too bad. one of the best cs profs i've encountered.", "one of the best at ucsd. download the podcasts and keep the book for posterity, he's that good.", 'ive heard a ton of good things from this professor so i waited for him. lectures are simple and clear. professor seems to care a lot and he employees a great ta named quentin. but the weekly quizzes/2 midterms does get annoying and the class is not easy. prepare to spend a lot of time doing the homeworks. he is also lenient on failing people', 'excellent teacher. take him for algorithms if you can. homework is pretty harsh, but tests are pretty easy for the most part.', "awesome professor. one of my favorite professors at ucsd. everyone should make an effort to take algorithms with him. pay special attention to the hw's and read the book.", 'sanjoy is one of the rare profs who are amazing in all ways. i learnt so much from him by simply just attending his lecture. if you are at ucsd, you have to take his course!', "extremely well taught class. lectures were very clear and made a potentially dull subject interesting. very well organized, makeing note taking easy. also provided complete lecture notes, so note taking wasn't necessary. one of the best classes i've ever taken.", 'sanjoy is a boss. this topic is difficult (especially the topics prior to the first midterm). keep up with the reading and do the homework with a group.', 'the class is insanely easy, maybe two homework assignments and a single quiz all quarter. his accent is really thick though, hard to understand. a lot of the material covered is meaningless and a waste of your time.', "excellent lecturer. has an accent but it doesn't affect anything. made algorithms interesting! i felt like i learned a lot from class, but i was manhandled by the homeworks. the ta's give away the answers though, so go to oh if you need help on hwk. tests are easier than hwk but still tough..", 'amazing professor. clarity and total awareness of how his material is affecting students as he presents it.', 'seriously he is the best professor i had in ucsd!!!!! his notes are clear and organized. his lecture is easy to understand. i love this professor!!!!']
['pretty difficult class, but this professor is always looking to help out his students', "great class. lf you want to learn about operating systems, this is the definitive class taught by the master prof. pasquale. not an easy class, but worth it! be ready for some advanced programming that you won't learn anywhere else. wish i had taken other classes with this prof. tests are tough.", 'he is an alright teacher not bad, not great. learn your crap n leave.', 'hardest course ive ever taken, period. material is extremely challenging. professor pasquale is excellent, always comes perfectly prepared to class and brings a lot of energy to lectures. wants you to learn and fun to listen to (love the white hair)! i feel like im learning something important and useful, even deep, preparing me for life.', 'the most challenging but useful class so far! the pas requires a lot of thinkings but are very well designed and really helps to understand the abstract materials about os. professor is really clear but people end it up watching podcast at home and do 2x the speed. exams are all multiple choice. you will be a much better programmer after this class', "i cannot wait till the quarter ends. he is the best professor i've ever seen and i really really enjoy his class! so many cool knowledge to learn and he is a super cool person too!", 'he knows you know the question. and i realized i do. as long as you know what you are doing, you should be fine. pa3 is the most time consuming in my opinion. then pa2, pa4, pa1. not bad.', 'highly recommend you take this class with him. excellent lecturer and a nice person. everything you need to know is on the slides. programming assignments are difficult but the tas are great for this class. the exams are ap level multiple choice and require you knowing his lecture slides inside and out. this class is tough but it is also forgiving', 'really nice professor. eloquent and cares about students. articulate lectures. well organized slides. homework is challenging but not too time-consuming.', "dr. pasquale completely rocks. i don't think there is any teacher who puts more thought into his lectures. he is clear, extremely knowledgeable and fun to listen to. yes, the class is hard. i'm not going to be getting the best grade, but i don't care. i am much smarter than i was at the beginning of the quarter.", "lectures are the clearest i've had at ucsd. learned a lot from the programming assignments. tests are multiple choice, but impossible if you don't know the stuff (and still not easy if you do). matt the ta was great. my one complaint: give more partial credit for programs. one of my programs almost worked (like 90%), but i got only half credit.", 'a nice lovely humorous professor who loves to help students out. exams are 70%, all mc, bases on memorization though, and you really need at least a b+ understand to answer the questions. pas are quite difficult but 35% of the class got full credit. ... a good intro to op system.', 'class is 30% pas, 30% midterm, 40% final. lenient as he modified the final to replace the midterm, and for 1 pa to have reduced weight. pas are short in terms of lines, but concept-heavy. he podcasts ( 2 - 2.5x is still listenable). lecture is informative, conceptual, and has some dry humor. exams are mc and fair, but a bit hard.', 'great professor. his lectures are so interesting and well thought out. really enjoyed his class.', "granted, it was a freshman seminar, he's enthusiastic about what he does, and it rubs off. he's a good man, and it helps that he knows what he's talking about, lacking though he may be in oratorical eloquence (i.e. he can hesitate to finish sentences while searching for the right word).", 'amazing professor, one of the best i have ever had. very well organized.', 'if you could just stay awake in class and listen for once in your college career, this should be the class you do it. everything else is cake.', 'one of the best classes in cse, but tough if you want to do well. pasquale is the master of operating systems. knows the stuff inside out and knows how to teach. a real professor. will go the extra mile with you if you need help. the programming projects were really interesting. warning: sign up early for his class - it fills up super quick.', "pasquale is very cool. i needed a lot of help and made lots of use of his office hours. he's really nice - treats you with respect. oh - and he's really funny too.", 'crystal clear lectures. tough class. learned a lot.', "absolutely the best professor i've had at ucsd. pasquale is prepared, has a deep understanding of the material, and is an excellent (clear) lecturer. good guy, respects students. not an easy class, but not impossible either. programs make you think hard, but are not long. exams were somewhat tricky, but fair. his lecture notes are worth gold.", 'love love love prof pasquale! learned more from him than all my other profs combined. what more can i say!', 'this is the prof to learn os from.', "very hard class. lectures are perfect - every word matters. tests are difficult. programming labs are very doable but require a lot of thinking. professor is great - easy to understand, well prepared, and really interesting. if you study, you will do well in this class. if you don't, you won't. it's that simple. luv this prof.", 'the best, pasquale is a model professor. if you could only take one class at ucsd, take his. i graduated many years ago, and i still refer to his notes (the only ones i still have)!!! the other thing i remember is that he expected a lot from us, but he treated us like adults, with respect. my only regret: i wish i took his grad class.', "best prof i've had at ucsd, period. ties the material to the foundations of math and computer science in a way that makes it really interesting. i totally felt i was getting a unique perspective, and feel really lucky i took this class with pasquale. he's funny too."]
['he taught a great intro to java course starting from the very basics and working up. he and professor minnes worked together to teach the same 8a course: same slides, assignments, and exams. really engaging, uses clicker questions for participation. homework assignments could be tough but always fair. great class.', 'this guy is a legendary lecturer, very engaging as he really emphasizes participation. really wants you to get a good grade in his class with his policies of dropping midterms and having the pas you did bad in weigh less. ah, interesting', 'professor politz is one of the best professors of this college. he would give us plenty of time to discuss on the terms he posted as a clicker question, provide ample of time to answer questions during lecture, and intentionally make mistakes to remind us what common mistakes students usually make when programing.', 'he is amazing and he really cares about students. an almost perfect professor. the class is easy as well. just take his as long as you can.', "it's a shame knowing that in the rest of my academic career i will never again take a class with a better professor.", 'the best professor i have had so far', 'politz is such a great professorhis lectures are really engaging and you can tell he truly cares about his students learning. his assignments arent as coding heavy but they usually involve other work such as creating graphs/answering conceptual questions. i learned a lot in his class and i hope to take him again in the future.', "good professor. gives great lectures and it's obvious he's put a lot of time preparing for them. he puts a lot of effort in ensuring that he presents the material in an engaging manner and it shows (good explanations, cadence, energy level, etc)", 'very clear lecture and easy to follow.', 'good professor but program assignment which is given every week is quite heavy.', "amazing professor and extremely engaging! learned a lot in his course and he's really great to get to know!", "how can a human describe a god? politz is the boi. literally the best cs professor i've taken. his lecture style is so great, i actually wanted to go to lecture. his pa's are very well thought out to the point where they were actually fun. overall a great class taught by an exceptional professor. i'd take him again in a heartbeat.", 'professor politz is an amazing professor. he kept everyone engaged in class, and allowed us to discuss codes on our own during class. he was also very approachable which made it easier to ask questions during class and to go to his office hours.', 'joe is such an amazing person and great lecturer. his lectures are engaging and made coming to 9 am lecture not a problem. he redesigned the cse 131 such that we are using ocaml to write the compiler for a language we design from scratch. spend 15 - 20 hrs a week but you really learn a lot from this class. 100% recommended!', "never have i felt an instructor so genuinely care about his students the way joe does. i don't really care for data structures/sorting algorithms but i still enjoyed this course. definitely try to take a class from joe while your at ucsd, profs like this are few and far between. pas are conceptually challenging but don't take up your whole week!", 'joe is a great guy and amazing lecturer! the way he explained complicated data structures and memory management was really creative and made a lot of sense. a couple of his pas were overly work-intensive but all-around, i really enjoyed his class and would definitely recommend him as a professor!', 'good good good', 'prof. politz is the best. he is good at drawing and acting. good lectures.', "professor joe politz is definitely one of the best professors out there for computer science. he really cares about helping students learn. i'd recommend him to anyone. he's a super nice guy, knows his stuff well and can teach really well. 11/10.", 'amazing lecture, proper amount of programming assignment. really cares about students.', "professor politz is a great lecturer! made coming to early morning lectures interesting. also, very reasonable with workload, he did not give us pa's on weeks when we had midterms. overall one of the best professor's i've had.", "prof. politz is a great lecturer! i enjoyed attending his lectures, even though they were early in the morning. he's very friendly, approachable, and open to answering questions from students. programming assignments and exams were pretty tough, but i learned a lot from them.", 'he is an awesome teacher, and actually somehow manages to make cs lectures entertaining. he also puts real effort into the programming assignments and they are always interesting and fun to do. definitely take him if you can']
['he is very very nice. messed up on a few classes but still got a good grade. definitely take him!!!!', 'just had him for winter quarter. "easy" if you spend legit time doing the 2 projects. need that expensive book to get anything done. did poorly on most of lab quizzes because i never read the book. i got through by mainly following the example problems. for the projects, i just combined a bunch of modified example problems.', "if you read the syllabus you can stop attending class by like week 7 and still get an a. he gives you the answers to in class quizzes as long as you ask (he'll encourage you to), and the top 2 (out of 4) lab quizzes are taken (meaning you can stop going to lab since the first 2 quizzes are pretty easy). homework gets tough though.", 'yes...compared to other professors at ucsd, he is pretty easy. the coursework is still time consuming though, and there is a quiz every class day on most days. he will give you the answers if you ask for them though. you have to read the text and do two projects. both are time consuming, especially the projects.', 'easy if you attend class. counts top 8 quizzes, top 2/4 lab quiz, and top 5/9 hw. two projects but once you get the hang of coding its not bad. no final. you can be done with most of the work by 4th wk. grading is based on place on list so even if you get 90 you might get a b. but for sure you wont fail if you attend half the class and do projects.', "this was the easiest class i have ever taken. the professor tells you the answers to the quiz while your taking it. he's a really nice guy. take this class. it'll raise your gpa, and you really wont have to do any work. only counts top 8 quizes and top 5 hw grades.", 'turbulence', "easiest class ever! he's really nice. he will tell you and the class the answer to quiz questions if you ask", "what the $$$! i couldn't believe it, this guy gives you the answers to the in-class quizzes during the quiz! such a nice guy! if u need this for a ge take it!!!he only takes the top 8 out of 12 quizzes and 2 out of 4 h.w.'s, so if u ace all of that (which if u don't u should be at state) then u don't have to come to class after that!!! such a trip!", 'the lectures are literally a quiz and then you leave. there are 12 quizzes so you can stop coming after that. you read the book for the quizzes, but if you ask, gibson will just give u answers. you do need the book for the homework and lab quizzes (which were so annoying) but gibson was very kind and i enjoyed his class.', "this has got to be the easiest class ever. he only counts your top scores to make your grade. (8/12 quizzes 2/4 lab quizzes and 5/10 homework) after that the class is basically over. the only other grades are 2 programming projects which are really easy and if you continue going class he says he'll make sure you get an a. very easy take if you can.", 'very easy. but also very boring.', 'wow. thats all i can say. take this class!!!! you will understand.', 'the easiest class at ucsd. he is an amazingly nice guy!', 'this class is mainly self-study. the professor is extremely nice, and his quizzes are extremely easy. why&#63; because when you take the quiz, you can raise your hand and ask the professor what the answer is. and he will tell you. your grade is determined by your homework and project grades--there is no final.']
["fantastic class! lectures are a bit long at the beginning but pick up after the first two weeks. his genius really shines through, and anyone who was bored wasn't paying attention! the card trick on the last day blew my mind. he really puts a lot of effort into his lectures, and it definitely shows.", 'do yourself a favor and either go to his lectures or listen to the podcasts. the textbook sucks and you will be hard pressed to find good material on the subject online. other than that, pretty easy class. the final was 65% of the grade, but it was easy. came out with an a+ and i never went to class - i just listened to his podcasts.', "the thing i like about the class is that graham is a great mathematician and he has control of the concepts. it's very easy to take effective notes by his lecture style, but like any course hw and di are the most helpful.", "his class is great. lectures were totally clear. i only went to half of them and i still got the material (struggled a bit on hw, probably better to go to all lectures so you don't have to struggle with the book)", "interesting class. lectures seemed to fall apart at the end, but he was cool and realized that, so he didn't test us on it in the final. google him and discover that under his grandfatherly charm lies a dark, mysterious past..", "class is very straightforward and easy, although the hw are somewhat challenging, the midterms and finals are simple since they are based off the hw and practice final, don't read the text book, just go to every lecture, overall easy a", "he's enthusiastic about discreet math in a weird way, and describes the concepts pretty well. prof. graham has a crazy good grasp of what he's teaching (the dude invented graham's number, for goodness' sake!) and regularly brings in extra credit concepts or $1000 proofs for anyone with the balls to solve them. great guy, good teacher.", 'extremely nice, caring, and a genuine genius (google him). probably the fairest tests i have ever taken, which means if you study with a real intention to get an a you will get an a. slipped up on first midterm (literally failed) but aced the second and final and got an a in the class. course is interesting and useful.', 'very nice teacher with an interesting personality. cares to help the students. his midterms/final are pretty similar to the homework.', "graham is one of those rare professors who can translate their genius into a language undergraduates can actually understand. he'll basically tell you what exactly will be on the midterms/final, so listen up because he's pretty soft-spoken. his lectures can be a bit bland, but he totally made it up by performing a cool card trick the last lecture.", 'probably the nicest professor ever.', "great professor. very clear and tests were extremely fair (including the final). as long as you study the example problems from class and example tests, you'll be fine. seems like a genuinely nice guy too. he's the one responsible for graham's number!", 'he is easy!!! and great prof!!!(if u understand homework, u r ready to get an a!!)', "great lecturer. he added a second midterm this quarter. exams were relatively difficult and the final had some nasty problems (but this could be partly due to the ta). it's better if you have the time to put into it; i didn't and that wasn't very beneficial.", 'cool teacher. very clear and not completely boring.', "if you can take this professor, take him. not because it is a fairly easy class but because he is quite possibly one of the best teachers here. don't believe me&#63; take his class, you'll figure it out soon enough.", 'graham is a great professor that spends his time to clearly explain and example all the material. the book is near useless compared to his lectures. exams are fair and pretty much representative of the homework. he makes the material interesting by connecting them with topics like gambling.', 'stanford has knuth, caltech has feynman, and ucsd has graham. he is the best: a genius among the stars, a caring professor, and most of all, an excellent lecturer.', 'textbook: sucks like crazy; do not buy! (jk :p) professor: a sage; a great man with many telents and secrets of a glorious past. the class: complicated and uninviting. basically, something you got to go through as a cs major. but graham will make the passage slightly better. recommended.', "take this teacher! he has a very nice grandpa-like disposition; i really liked this prof. he cared about his students and he's very intelligent. and, tests were extremely fairrelatively easy (cheat sheets). go to lecture because there is (kind of) no book, and no slides. plus, he's got his own wiki page :-)", 'i failed his first midterm, got a+ on second one and 100% on final, end up with an a+, he definitely grades slightly biased. he is a great professor, very interesting in lectures. therefore the lectures are a must-go. textbooks are useless. overall i would recommend this professor as one of my best professors at ucsd.', "i can honestly say graham was the best teacher i've ever had. he actually compels students to go to class because his fluid and articulate lectures make the rather horrid text, useless. he emphasizes discrete probability and applies it in such a way that even the exams become fun (often pertains to gambling). hes in the guinness book...", 'one of the greatest professors of all times! this man is a genius who finds ways to entertain the class while lecturing. you will learn a lot from this man! his test are very easy as well. as long as you do his homework and practice finals and midterms, you are expecting an a for the class! do yourselves a favor and take grahams!', "he's one of the best professors i've ever had at ucsd. the cse department is filled with great lecturers, but graham is definitely in my top 5. even if you know the material, go to class anyway or at least listen to his podcasts. he will enlighten you.", "he's obviously one of the most brilliant people you'll ever meet, which is why it's surprising that he's a good lecturer, as well. grading is 30%/70% midterm/final, but he posts sample exams which are exactly like the real ones. only the most basic parts of the material are covered, so it's overall a very easy course. the book is cheap, but dense."]
['i heard that cse105 is one of the most challenging undergrad course before i take it. janine is clear and her slides are also clear, so 105 is like of normal difficulty. she gives hw after every lecture to keep students not falling behind, though it is kind of annoying to do hw all the time. midterm is easier than the practice ones. great overall', "cse 21 is a pain, but it's slightly less of a pain with prof. tiefenbruck. she lectures clearly and has good coverage. reading the book is a necessity, and studying hard is required. as a professor she is excellent, but the class is difficult in and of itself.", 'cse21 was a really tough class for me, but taking it with her made it much better! her lectures are very clear and thorough, and you really should attend them all. the hw assignments are very difficult but there are so many office hours to use, make sure you attend hers!!! the exams are all very fair for what is covered. tough class, great prof.', 'lectures well and is committed to her students', 'the material covered throughout the quarter is very interesting, but the homework takes plenty of time to do and does not prepare you for the exams. i put a lot of time into the class, and even after preparing myself for a week for the final exam and understanding the practice final exam, it was not enough; it is impossible to know what to expect.', 'the most responsible professor i have met ever! her lecture is so clear which helps you understand the tough stuff a lot. the professor tried her best to answer each question on piazza that there is always no unanswered questions left. all the exams are fair enough if you take effort.', "straight up, best professor i have had for any cse class i've been in. her lectures are amazing, and she really takes the time to explain things. she is amazing.", "this class was hard for me. i made the mistake of using combinations instead of permutations on the 2nd test and failed it hard. i also misread a question. she is a pretty good lecturer, i wouldn't advise missing class. the tests were as hard as the homework, which was really hard. i didn't fail thanks to a generous curve.", 'her lecture is super clear and detailed. all the podcasts and slides are posted online. the group homework is pretty hard but if you spend time in office hours it wont be that hard since the ta and profs will explain all the problems pretty clear. got full score on all group hw. 98% and 100% on 2 midterms and 95% on final. hard work required.', 'janine is super clever and really good at lecturing. her lecture notes is crystal clear and those are all she wants you to know for exams. we usually have two homework per week, individual one and group one. individual ones are pretty straightforward and help us review for the basic concept for that topic. group ones are challenging yet helpful.', 'janine is simply one of the best professors to take, her lectures are highly polished and the course materials extremely well-tailored to teach what could otherwise be difficult materials. she also holds amazing office hours where her passion for the subjects really shines through and students all seem to come out with very detailed understanding', 'does a great job at organizing the material in a digestible way, the first midterm was a breeze, the second was dramatically harder and the final was exceptionally hard', "here's a concept,,,a professor who teaches you the material you need to learn and then tests you on that material!!! ord and gillespie could learn a ton by taking by taking one of janine's class!! seriously though great prof, great lecutures, very clear on what she want's 95% of the time and the 5% of the time that she isn't, she happliy explains!", 'although she did give frequent short hws per week, they helped a lot in keeping up with class material. explains things really well and discusses important points. on the same frequency as students. puts in a lot of effort (saturday office hours. she knows locations of some problems by heart. piazza). lighthearted as well. i definitely recommend :)', 'she\'s from the math department but she\'s really into the material from cse21. a solid clear lecturer; never heard her say "umm." homework is challenging but can be done in groups of 3.', "she's pretty much the hottest teacher i've ever had, ever. also super smart. the class is combined with russel's class so they're the same tests. only class i've taken here where they don't let you use a sheet of notes on the exams. homework is really long and hard. exams aren't quite so awful. expect to do a lot of work in this class.", "she's a strong lecturer, very clear and makes concepts easy to understand.", 'janine is pretty great. very enthusiastic about the material, goes at a reasonable pace. very helpful during her office hours as well. definitely recommend!', "i couldn't find a professor in ucsd who is more responsible and caring for the students. she definitely knows how to teach, her lectures are engaging and really really helpful. she holds 2 hours of office hour in the weekend in which she goes over almost all the homework problem. the best professor in ucsd ever!!!"]
["teaches with good intentions to cover a lot of topics and debuggers. a lot of content that can easily fly over your heads. the lectures aren't mandatory, but understand the slides for the labs (which are mandatory). be prepared for the scripting project - hardest part of the course. get decent on the midterm/final and you'll be fine.", 'annoying class, but not because of the lectures/lecturer. those are completely fine and pleasant to attend. the labs and lab quizzes (at end of each lab) are ridiculous though, as they are almost like trivia/fun-fact style quizzes; the answers are to recall. the 2 midterms are fairer. 50% mt and 50% lab scores. brownie points for good memory', "compared to gary (i've attended 2 of his lectures) she seems much more clear, focused, and prepared for class. what i liked least about this class was the labs. i really enjoyed working with a partner but i the labs could have been written better and the quizzes could be better at testing your knowledge rather than your ability to memorize.", 'easy to pass, but not really easy to get an a. this class need a lot of memorization. overall, dr. altintas is a good lecturer, and her slides help a lot.', "she was good in her lectures. although you don't really need to attend any for cse15l to get an a. maybe attend the ones before the midterm/final. the labs are what your grade will be based on and she controls none of that.", "i stopped showing up to her classes when i realized they weren't essential to passing. all you have to do is make sure you know the slides super well for the weekly quizzes, midterm, and final. i'd recommend making some flashcards for studying purposes. i thought she was a decent person as well. overall, don't worry too much about this class", 'go talk to her! she runs a research group at sdsc and is super cool!', "ilkay is charming and caring. the subject material is a bit dry but she explains it well. the midterm was based heavily off of the study guide and lectures! just ay attention and review the guide and you'll be fine.", "going to class isn't required, but you have to understand the lecture slides to do well. go to labs, do the homework, and memorize commands! course material is boring except for shell scripting. not a bad lecturer, but i hated the class and the content; total waste of time when we can look up vim and unix commands in &lt; 1 second.", "assignments are super easy, lectures are pretty pointless to go to (just look at the slides afterwards), labs are pretty boring. other than the scripting project at the end, this course doesn't really have all that much difficulty to it", 'she translates difficult computer science concepts to non-cs majors with ease. her slides present the material in bite-sized chunks that build on each other, and in-class discussions promote critical thinking and learning. lectures are just the right size to thoroughly cover one whole subtopic. you can tell she enjoys helping students and teaching!', "she's amazing and she will help you if you go talk to her but honestly you don't need to attend lecture to get an a in this class. just memorize and study lecture slides for midterm and final. she's known for reusing midterm questions on the final.", "attendance isn't mandatory. she uses clickers, but that's just for class engagement. so don't be fooled thinking you have to go to class. the course material itself it pretty boring; didn't find anything really useful except some scripting. overall, she's not a bad lecturer. i just absolutely hated the class and its content; total waste of time."]
["the mandatory lectures were tedious and she gets caught up answering questions instead of finishing what she planned to cover. she reinforced key points, but it was repetitive. exam material covered concepts covered in the programming assignments and reading. the discussions are only helpful if you're struggling with the assignments. easy a.", 'one of the best professors in the cse department. i can see how this material would be difficult with another professor but professor lee gives so many examples and her homeworks/exams are very much based on the examples. even the clicker questions really help you learn and when you go back to study those can be very useful. overall, excellent prof', 'great professor, but the attendance is mandatory.', 'very good professor. is willing to help anyone succeed in the class. quizzes, midterm, and final reflect the homework problems. she even makes cse 20 fun, and offers &quot;extra credit&quot; as well. highly recommend.', "she's not bad. but it's hard to judge the professors in this course very comprehensively because of the really bad lecture format. but professor lee was very clear, fun and a good teacher overall.", "great prof. i don't know if it was just because it was an introductory type class, but she explained everything thoroughly and in an easy-to-understand manner. she seemed to spend a lot of [her own] time on this class as well. the tas were also great and helpful. exams were straight from le/labs.", 'great prof! very flexible and willing to help anyone who puts in the time to succeed. the class is a bit time consuming between the labs and assignments. she also gives participation points using clicker questions so you pretty much have to go to class. the midterms and final are pretty much from the lectures. if you put in the time it is an enjoyable class! the tas were also awesome! very helpful and very accessible!', 'she is a good professor but sometimes struggled to finish lecture material. that being said, easy a class, pretty interesting (unless you have prior programming experience). cynthia lee is one of my favorites at ucsd.', "very enthusiastic. programming assignments are well-tuned in terms of difficulty and time required. exams are somewhat difficult, but the is a very generous curve, especially if you do well on the pa's. some students didn't like her lecture pacing and explanations (i had no problems), but she's probably loads better than burkhard! i recommend her.", "quite a reasonable class. didn't find the peer assessment useful though. lectures were a bit boring but the subject's not my thing. homeworks were reasonable as were the exams. probably would have been much harder with another professor, but still learned the material.", 'very upbeat professor, who enjoys teaching. sometimes can be a bit goofy, but she is sweet. be prepared for quizzes by staying on top of your homework. midterm and final are well-related to homework, and lecture notes. a very fair professor. sometimes she gave out post-cards, and/or candy for participation.', 'great professor!! lectures were clear and she took the time to explain everything which was really helpful for me as a first-time programmer. go to class for the clicker points. both midterms and the final exam were straight from lectures and labs. 1-page cheat sheet for each exam. tas and tutors were extremely helpful during labs and tutor hours.', "nice lectures, but we had to read the book before class so it felt a bit repetitive at times. overall a great professor, only complaint is that the ta's took far too long to grade assignments."]
['wish he taught more classes', 'interesting class', 'very long projects, but doable. seems like a nice guy everytime i talked with him. always had time to answer my questions after class.', "lot's of work, but learned a bunch", 'cool guy', "this was the hardest class i have taken at ucsd. spent hours on that damn project. but, i feel i also learned a lot more than other classes i've taken in the comp sci program. expect to spend a lot of time of this class if you hope to get a good grade.", 'seemed very passionate', 'good prof', 'he always seemed passionateexcited about the things he talked about in class. also replied to questions on piazza super fast!', 'the projects are not particularly difficult, but really long and time demanding.', 'tough but learned a lot!', "even tho he isn't a full time professor, he was the best cse teacher i have had. really engaging and knowledgable, especially with real world knowledge from working at a company", "was dreading this class, but it wasn't that bad. pretty straightforward exams, and project was just tedious.", "would definitely recommend - you'll learn a lot", "this class was really hard but the professor really helped explain things with lots of examples. the project kicked my butt - definitely make sure you don't take other difficult classes at the same time. tests weren't too bad as long as you took some time to study.", 'taught me a lot!', "by far the hardest class i've taken. i was very worried going into this class since it was my last quarter and i've heard how hard it is. but the professor was very helpful and helped explain things in office hours. he seemed really into the material and knew his stuff, which helped keep my attention. wish he taught more classes.", 'i agreed with the below two posters. class was a lot of work, but professor garo was always available to answer questions.']
["i had prof. rhodes for cse 20 and 21. i was elated that he'll be teaching my 105 class too. i would take every cse class from him if i could. he's funny and personable. i think he learned my name by the 3rd week of class, and i don't even really speak up much. learned a ton from him, excellent prof.", 'great lecturer. fair exam. study and you can get good grade.', 'best cs 20/21 prof out there. speaks well and explains the subject with enthusiasm and clarity of subject. very approachable and is more than willing to help you outside of class. weekly quizzes help boost grade and somewhat force you to keep on top of the material. 2 mts lower one worth 15 higher one worth 25. quizzes worth 20, final 40. no curve.', "homework is due on one day and there's a quiz on the other. the material is a bit difficult, but his lectures are good and the final grade is curved. i had an 80% but it turned out to be a b+. spend ample time on the homework and pay attention in lectures.", "neil's 101 class was good. his lectures were clear, he had excellent slides, and he was always well prepared. during office hours, he's nice and helpful. algorithms is a tough course, no matter who you take it with (unless you take prof hu's notoriously easy 101 course) so it's good to take with a straight-forward & organized prof like neil.", 'one of my favorite professors. the os material is rigorous and difficult, but he presented it well, often (successfully) using various interactive techniques to engage the audience. it also stood out to me that he enthusiastically spent time interacting with students, personally providing help and very interesting insights during lab sessions.', 'struggled with the class at the beginning nearly failing the first midtermbut started studying like crazy and endeup with an a. i worked harder for this class than just about any other but it paid off and i learned so much. good teacher. likes students. explains material well through slides with tablet pc. overall recommended prof.', 'i found the lectures to be very boring and monotone. they did not hold my attention very well and that is probably why i struggled in this class (still recieved a b though). the programming assignments are very hard, i probably spent an average of 8 hrs on each assignment (one assignment took 15 hrs and i got 2 points). he is an &quot;ok&quot; prof.', 'awesome teacher! very helpful. straight up 90-80-70, no curve, but overall a very easy class.', 'he is a good prof. the class itself is kinda hard just do the hw and you will do fine in the class. understand what he means by the word prove it can be very easy or very hard.', 'lectures are great, makes occasional jokes. however not the most prepared. overall okay.', 'good prof. this course was pretty easy and professor rhodes did a good job of explaining concepts and helping students. weekly quizes were straight forward and both the midterm and final were fairly simple. overall good professor.', 'excellent teacher. his lectures are interesting and he has a good teaching style and sense of humor. he puts templates for the notes online that you can print out and then write on in lecture. he gives weekly quizzes taken almost directly from the homework. the exams are challenging but fair.', "very easily-structured class. homework assigned each class; quiz next time taken directly off the homework (numbers the same!); exams based on the quizzes and homework. as he said, &quot;if you do all the problems... i can't see how you could fail to get an a&quot;. rhodes is helpful in office hours and really cares about his students. highly recommended.", 'rhodes is a good prof his lecture is a clear and he gives good examples. beyond that this class is awful, i chose cse as my major not math, doing proofs every weeks sucks, you spend a ton of time doing hard math proofs that 99% of the class will never look at again. class is a total waste of time.', 'he is a pretty good professor, but he has a serious stick up his ass about style points. do not have methods that are longer than 10 lines unless it is impossible. take a good look at the program he gives you to see how he likes the style, and do it exactly. oh, and if you get a programing assignment called critter dont even bother trying.']
['awesome professor', "he's a really good professor for one of the two undergraduate ai classes. his assignment is tough sometime but the tas are willing to offer as many helps as possible. during his office hour, he will personally help you with the assignment and any concern about grades. lectures may be challenging as you really need to focus for the whole 80 minutes.", 'amazing lectures. extremely well structured and near perfect decomposition of complex concepts. you need to keep focus for the whole lecture though otherwise nothing will make sense. homework is weekly and take up a lot of time. easily the most time intensive class of the quarter.', 'great professor. always smiling and explains concepts beautifully. cares if you are able to understand the course material and is always willing to discuss with you any concerns you may have with your grade. his grading curve is generous. homework is hard and tests are lengthy.', 'great professor - teaches extremely well', 'wow, he is hands on the best teacher in cse, you just need to attend his lecture and you will learn everything and you will be amazed that how can a teacher teach people at such different level of understandings so well', 'great professor', "lectures have a lot of information packed into them, and you'll leaving class not understanding much sometimes. but that's fine as he's extremely helpful. final was time intensive so practice!", 'he teaches really well. make sure you attend all the classes.', "a man has talent for research and wisdom of life. a sentence i just came up with. have to comment somewhere haha. even though it is torture for me to finish the looooong homework and take the loooong exam, i don't regret.", 'has a very good character. always glad to help. great team of tas. tests and hws are easy. is not very convincing with his explanations though. but you can get a very good grade if you stay on course.', "his lectures usually feel a little slow and uninteresting, but they're very thorough. he makes a complex subject matter easy to digest. homeworks are shorter than average and are good practice. very helpful outside of class.", 'so the toughness of this class isnt so much the material. doing the material from scratch is not that difficult. the toughness comes from the fact that there are a huge number of people who have worked out solutions, so the average ends up being in the upper 90%.', 'excellent professor!']
['dr papadopoulos was extremely helpful and was always willing to explain specifics. lectures were slightly long, but were interesting. he spent time discussing the programming assignments in lecture, and even showed us code fragments required for the homework assignments. he was also always willing to go over material again if things were unclear.', "i should say if i take ord's class it would be a lot easier for me, but that doesn't mean pro. papadopoulos is not a good professor. although homework and exams might be hard and tricky for beginners, professor is very helpful in his office hour. if you have past programming experience, i think you can handle it and learn things from his class.", "fantastic professor!!! against recommendations, i took this class with no programming experience whatsoever and ended up with a b+. this is easily the hardest class i've ever taken, but i learned so much from it and i would take it again in a heartbeat. if you have the option, take him!!!", 'he is a very nice guy. i can safely say that i am a much better programmer than i was when i first walked into that class. it was long and hard. you absolutely need to ask for help and not give up. make sure to have time for this class. there were 2 extra credit quizzes to help you out on points lost on the assignments and the final.', 'highly helpful. he will answer all questions on piazza. however, be prepared to dedicate a fair amount time on programming and reading if you are a beginner in computer science.', "papadopoulos is definitely a great teacher in that he makes concepts very easy to understand. his homework assignments are pretty tough because he doesn't review syntax in depth, but once you get the hang of things, it gets easier. grading criteria is never obvious, but i'm pretty sure assignments were curved. he is more helpful than tas for sure.", 'he does a really good job explaining, is super helpful if you go to his office hours, and does a good job making the class very informative. his exams are kind of tough though, so go to class if you want to do well.', 'hes a great professor who explains things really clearly. coding assignments are about as complicated or slightly less than other cs classes. midterm was great!', "great guy. don't know how hard ord was, but despite hard programming assignments pulled an a with limited cse background, and not too much time commitment.", "clearly passionate about what he's teaching and honestly not that hard if you pay attention in class and read. lectures were clear and his assignments were reasonable. i've never had any coding experience but his class was definitely doable. probably one of the best professors i've had at ucsd and i'm really glad i had him for my first coding class", 'great guy, super helpful. his programs are hard but you learn a lot from it. lectures are interesting, but too bad nobody like to attend morning classes. you get a lot of extra credits to make up mistakes in programming assignment.']
['pa is easy, about &lt;14 hours each week and the exams are also easy. anyway easy a class but you will also learn a lot', "prof. porter's cse 141 is very, very fair. he gives a nice curve at the end, and i learned a lot. the homework wasn't too bad. just do it and show up while clicking in, and you're golden. :d", 'he is new! the assignment and quiz for this class is tough though. but his class is really helpful and you can learn a lot from it. if you attend every lecture and did the programming assignment carefully the a is easy. textbook really helpful. the student respected him a lot. by the way the ta is really hot......', "cse141 itself is a pretty boring class but prof. porter did a fairly great job in presenting the materials. the problem with his teaching is that he sometimes talks too fast that you don't understand! i find that you learn better by just watching podcast at home. the homework is pretty time consuming and exams are pretty fair.", 'he is so good at explaining course materials. his explanations are always the simples, comprehensible, and helpful. he lets students fill out surveys in order to give out extra credit on midterm and final. his final is a little harder than the midterm, but definitely doable. his psas are not that hard. amazing and patient. definitely recommend him.', 'prof. porter is amazing! he really cares about students and education. one of my favorite classes from ucsd. do go to lectures or watch podcasts. do iclicker questions and homework. if you understand them, you will do fine on midterm and final. plus, prof. porter works with amazing teaching staffs! would definitely recommend:)', 'my favorite cse prof! he took the time to make class surveys and analyze/act upon the results. going to class was not mandatory, but i attended because i had fun in class. his in class activities are helpful. overall just a great guy.', 'pros: lecture notes, lab material &amp; solution posted, top lecture experience, super nice and patient personality, extra credits, allow lowest scores of lab and quiz to drop, easy material cons: reading quiz plus i hate moodle, attendance i guess', 'very solid professor to take this class with. really respect him as a teacher. he makes it look easy. his homework assignments are reasonable and gives you enough time to do them. his exams are very fair. as for the reading quizzes, i barely opened the book for them. you can do well in this class by reviewing the slides and the homework', 'no slip days!!!!', 'great prof. take him over any other prof for 8b (including ord).', "prof porter really cares about his students. reading isn't needed at all and you don't have to go to class, it's video podcasted. you do get some participation for going which otherwise is part of your grade on the final. midterm was fairly easy (85% average), homework is average difficulty, and final had a 69% average but a pretty solid curve.", 'ucsd found a a very good professor here. porter is very reasonable and makes it clear what is expected of the class. he teaches the material well and really wants you to understand it. programming assignments can be tough and quizzes will kick your butt at times, but the midterm and final are quite fair if you studied. take him.', 'very clear in lecture and care about students. he wants students to feel comfortable in his class.']
["ranjit is a cool, funny guy. but if you take 130 with him, you'll probably end up doing more work than with other professors that teach it. programming assignments took about 2-3 days each. an additional day may be required if you really want to bullet proof your code. there were quizzes every week, but lowest ones are dropped. final was tough", 'fun professor, class is interesting. everything was fair straightt forward and entertaining.', "one of the easier classes i've taken. didnt go to lectures except to take quizzes...interesting teacher, fair. final and quizes could get tricky but he curves so... programming assginments might take a bit of time but they're okay. with a tad bit of effort you should get an a", "great prof! stuff is well-explained but pa's are on the slightly more difficult side but def doable. final was pretty hard! i took this wi '06 and got a b when i probably deserved a d, but he was very generous with the curve. i don't know if this is normal because we had a diff prof for the 1st half and he sucked - prolly was making up for that", 'class is interesting. everything was fair straight forward and entertaining.porg homework is easy. but, midterm is really hard. class average was less than 50 points. final was easier than midterm, but still hard. do not give up :)', "one of the best teachers at ucsd. i found him more enterntaining then sorin as he will make comments that are unexpected. such as a compiler barfing, etc... taken during winter 2009, had a midterm and final instead of quizzes. very fair course but make sure to start pa's early. python is awesome.", 'great sense of humor. i feel that he lectures better than sorin. this class is one of the most skill-oriented of the cs courses; it basically builds your skill in functional programming (which is awesome--hooray for ocaml!). prolog is weird. the later programming assignments take a lot of time, so start early.', "jhala is a bit hard but his class is quite entertaining. he adds humor to the class to make time go a bit quicker. he curves big time so don't stress out too much.", 'ranjit was a really funny guy and had good lectures. he was way too tough though on the assignments and the final. 130 is supposed to be an easy class, espcially since you dont really learn anything in it (besides the fact that ml is a crappy programming language) but ranjit made the assignments too tough.']
['lecture is super clear but the problem sets are really hard. discussion section is useless since the tas confuse you (give hints that is not relevant to the problem sets). he curves generously.', "this is a very challenging (thus time consuming) course that involves lots of proofs. hovav is a very good lecturer. if you do all the exercises and at least half the 'problems' in the 'problems' section of sipser you should be prepared for the exams (won't necessarily get a, but you should do good relative to average).", "amazing class - some of the best lectures at ucsd and you also do some really interesting reading. highly recommend you complete 120, 131, and some web programming (134b, 135, 132a, 136) to truly appreciate everything this class has to offer. hopefully in the future they'll add a computer security cluster!", 'excellent professor. lectures straight out of the book. crystal clear... except when it comes to what\'s expected on problem sets. just hope your ta isn\'t "ming the merciless", he\'s probably the worst ta of all time. gives 0\'s/100 with no explanation and is incredibly ocd about proof format. shacham\'s fantastic, though.', "shacham is a great professor, but the class was terrible. he insisted on us using haskell for homework because he felt that we'd understand the concepts better and write better proofs. as a math major, i spend most of my time writing proofs. knowing haskell ability to write proofs. also, he totally butchered cantor's diagonal argument. twice.", "if you are looking at this, then just turn back and look else where... that's my advice.", "absolutely amazing professor. he's very clear with the material and makes the subject interesting. the homework is a good sort of challenge.", "hardest thing i've ever done", "he is the best lecturer i have ever had. even if you don't want to take the class for credit i recommend just sitting in on his lectures (they are that good). the first project is the hardest one, so try to tough it out until you get to the next few. can't really prepare too much for the exams. ta wasn't so great.", "cse 127 is the most interesting course i've taken, mostly because of prof. shacham's great lectures.", 'this is definitely a harder version of 127 but you learn so much about security. i got through most of cse without using gdb, but here i finally understood it. the assignments are fairly difficult but once you get them, you feel accomplished. midterm and final are short answer and test your thinking abilities but the curve is fair.', "top 3 classes i've taken at ucsd, but easily the hardest and most time-consuming. the projects are amazing and the material is superb, but man is it difficult."]
['great professor, very doable course', 'coolest dude on campus.', 'best professor at ucsd hands down. assignments teach you a lot and are doable. grading is very lenient, but its because the course is designed to teach you as much as possible. professor is also amazing - reachable at all hours of the day and is simply fantastic', 'sicun is the best professor in ucsd. he is sooooooooo smart and nice to students. always accessible outside class and answer emails and questions immediately. definitely take his class again!!!!!!!!!!!!!', 'professor gao is the best professor in ucsd. absolutely take his class and you will learn many interesting stuffs. he gives a lot of extra credits and even if you miss one assignment, you will probably still get an a. his lectures are clear and the lectures are podcasted so you can always go back and review.', "my first time rating a prof on this website because i'm just that satisfied with this professor. literally the most chill, down-to-earth professor i've had so far. he's super approachable so don't be afraid to talk to him like you are with your other professors. not only is the class easy as long as you keep up, you learn a ton of cool stuff too.", 'simply read rates below, they are all true. best professor i have ever met period.', "honestly, sicun is truly the best. have a question in the middle of night? he probably will answer it. if you failed the class, you must have failed yourself. the professor holds up his end, he makes everything clear and concise. don't understand something? no problem. he will answer your question to your heart's content. he is the best professor", "i have never reviewed a professor on this site but gao deserves one 100%. he is one of the most understanding professors you'll come across, and he treats all students with respect. normally when there are grading issues, certain profs *cough gary* will deduct you for questioning him but gao goes through each case to ensure fairness and accuracy.", "professor gao is the best professor period. this guy is the probably the most personable and chill professor i have ever met. he deeply cares for the learning of his students and is accessible at 3 am in the night (and it doesn't have to be academics). he structures the class such that students can take out as much as they put into it.", "prof gao is really nice! he definitely cares about students. he won't push us to do things, but if we're interested in something, he will always give us support and help. and he always shares some interesting materials to us to read. he is the best professor i've ever had:)) btw he is super cool. looks cool too.", "easy class that teaches you so much hard stuff. never have i felt that i can learn so well. why can't more classes be like this! go professor sicun gao!", 'gao makes this class so easy. the grading is incredibly generous. programs can be tough, but there are so many resources. midterm was absolute joke. do well on midterm and programs, will need like a 40% on final to get an a. this man is very knowledgeable too and incredibly helpful.']
['this course is an applied course so it is really a project based course. professor camac was present in the class. he answered questions immediately and graded submissions fast.', 'glad i took the certificate program at ucsd. i had no background in business intelligence and data mining. this last class made me realize the things i have learned in this program. professor camac is an excellent teacher.', 'the assignments are time consuming but they are useful in my position. the professor is great at grading fast and providing thorough feedback.', 'excellent class materials and excellent teacher! kyle is great at responding to questions and providing examples.', "professor camac is an excellent teacher. he is good at explaining difficult concepts and making them simple. he responded to my emails immediately. i liked him the most because he doesn't think he's above anyone. he felt more like a friend than a teacher. that means a lot to me. i plan to take more executive courses with him at uc san diego.", 'i am glad i took the class. i learned a lot in the program and it showed in this final data mining master class.', 'excellent program. knowledgeable professors that helped me hone in on my skills in data mining. professor camac is a great teacher. i can see why the university hired him for the final capstone style finish.', "the certificate program is legitimate. professor camac was great at providing insights into data mining and how companies utilize in his business. i'd recommend taking his classes.", 'kyle provided informative video lectures for the class. this class is the last class in the certificate program for data mining. i enjoyed the program and i look forward to possibly taking more courses for the other data analytics certificate programs at ucsd.', 'excellent final class. kyle is a pleasure to work beside. he is a consummate analytics pro.', 'the most attentive and helpful professor i have ever had. i wish he still taught classes at the university but it looks like he moved on to another university.', "camac is the best professor i have had. he shares his business' projects with the class to help with the final project"]
['great teacher. projects are a lot of work, a lot. midterm and final are very detailed, easy to make a lot of dumb mistakes.', 'work hard and you will be rewarded', 'one of the best teachers i have had at ucsd. takes the time to explain all the wonders of an operating system. book is not required as he gives full problem sets (although it may be helpful). projects are tough, but are useful to understanding. exams are representative of material and make sure to go to lecture.', "simply said, he is a brilliant professor. i was astonished how deep his knowledge is. i loved his class. it's tough, but you learn a lot. and he is there for you if you're stuck. he is the only professor at cs department that i know of who goes down to the labs to help out students. his tas were not much help though.", "the game class! geoff was a great professor... even if he doesn't really have to do much for that course (no lectures & no exams). he's a really nice guy too. while it's true that the class was a lot of work, it was really fun and i learned a lot. don't pass up an opportunity to take it.", 'prof. voelker is a very good teacher, except his dry humor (but i enjoy it, haha). the lecture is very clear and helpful, the project is a little bit hard but very interesting. i sincerely recommend this course and this professor.', "fairly tough class, and very time-consuming because of the group pa's, but you really learn a lot. geoff is a good teacher (although his voice is sometimes a little too soothing), and the exams stay true to the material he covers. put the time and effort into the homework and programming assignments and you'll do well.", 'great professor. took grad operating systems with him. loved the coursework and the subject. very adult about his expectations. open book finals, fairly easy. grading was a little harsh although. given a chance, i would take the subject. pretty demanding course, but worth it.', 'excellent professor. you get to learn a lot from voelker. he shows genuine interest in teaching.', "the course is a lot of work but it's a great experience. 125 is really what you make of it, and what part of the game you do.", 'at first i almost dropped because the class seemed really hard. but prof. voelker is so helpful and, to be honest, sexy, that i decided to stay!']
["so paranoid about cheating, the some of the hw solutions he hands out aren't really solutions. ie, question asks for binary of -2,000,000 and on his hw solution he puts -2,000,000. other than that, good professor, tough class, hard to pay attention to if you're not interested in hardware. hw from book, so the book is required.", 'a great prof with passion for teaching, will learn a lot by just talking to him.', 'great professor. dedicated to teaching well. if you want to learn computer architecture, take his class.', 'very hard. the 1st 2 problems on exams are problems that are most students should do. after that, he gives incomprehensible problems. we even got to take home the midterm because of a fire alarm. the median was still 80%. the custom hw problems are just as bad. the custom problems are just as incomprehensible as the exams.', 'seems intelligent and knowledgeable, but has trouble conveying information from a perspective helpful to students. lab assignments require skillsets only superficially tied to lecture material, and the rest is wrestling with implementation tool issues that are neither taught nor supported by the instructor. frustration high, learning minimal.', 'whatttta teacher! very passionate! loves to teach his students.', 'brilliant, brilliant guy with a passion for the material, which is conveyed to the students. his class was one of the hardest i took, but one of the most enjoyable and interesting as well.', 'do not cheat/copy homework, you will be caught. midterms and final were excruciatingly difficult. go to class and office hours, they are very helpful (and tullsen helps out those who show a lot of effort). lecture slides are online, but fill in the blank (so you might as well show up).']
['very good professor. his lectures are dynamic and interesting. course was not hard and most of the grade is based on programming assignments.', "hella cool guy, hard quizzes, easy pa's, final was a pain:-) but the class is not bad overall.", "both he and jhala are awesome. lerner is a bit scatterbrained, but the subject is simple, and this class is probably the easiest of upper-division cs. do the pa's well and spend time getting to know the new languages and the exams will be a breeze.", 'cool teacher. the class was easier than i expected but i learned a lot. it was challenging but not stressful. his notes are good but his assigments are a little unorganized. the final was pretty hard. i would definitely recommend this teacher though.', 'pretty awesome professor. fun lectures.', "sorin is a really cool prof for cse 130. he is very likable and pretty funny. teaches the class well, doesn't require a textbook, gives good notes, and really listens to student feedback. he's fair, but also challenges students. definitely one of the more enjoyable classes and profs i've had.", "he's a great professor who really engages the class for the whole lecture. you can see how knowledgeable he is on the subject, and the material is really interesting. he makes the examples very clear, and he's really funny and cool.", 'amazing guy, course is great too', 'his class involves him doing mostly live coding and vibrant interaction with the students. you could also sit at home and watch the podcast. homework is not hard and the exam is all about writing code on the paper. midterm is easy but finals is quite tricky. teach ocaml, python, and prolog, ocaml has become my favorite pl right now.', "class was reasonable. lectures were interesting. difficult to contact the ta for questions. assignments were mostly straightforward, but there were a few tricky ones. midterm was easy. final was quite hard and that's why the class is curved."]
['great prof.', 'great prof, really clear in his lectures. funny guy and always hints to the solutions of the assignments and to what kinds of questions will be in the midterm. go to his lectures and you should do well.', 'great prof. teaches extremely well, but sometimes hard to understand in the middle of his jokes. otherwise, one of the best profs.', 'his classes are so interesting and it is easy to understand.. i like him so much!', "not only can he maintain student's interest in the topic, he makes the learning process fun ^^. a real gem in the cs faculty.", 'awesome dude, explains really well and clearly. speaks very slowly so all international students can understand as well. overall 910. despite the course being hard, troy did a great job.', "don't ask what is wrong with the world. just find the good thing and ignore the rest. in the last lecture, troy said this to us.", 'funny, great sense of humor, interesting, engaging, helpful', 'excellent', 'very thorough and clear with his explanations. friendly and willing to help, so long as you ask. even though the course material is super dry, he makes it interesting with his humour. excellent prof!', 'great prof. easily one of the most engaging profs ive had', 'i took his cs115 in winter 2012,and i fount he maybe the best prof i have ever seen in uw. explain every step on the course notes very clearly. although cs115 is a simple course, bad prof can make the simple stuff difficult. but he can make difficult stuff easier and easy stuff to be more easier. you would definetly love his class.', "great prof and you can tell that he's passionate about lecturing. he keeps the lectures entertaining. however, he doesn't post his slides which sucks but that's the only downfall.", "great prof!!! made everything crystal clear. if you ever had trouble, he'd be willing to help. funny guy but watch out if your cell phone rings in class!", 'awesome teacher.', 'pretty good and humor very clear', 'great prof, love his final lesson! big respect!', 'great prof. very entertaining and clear. also a dilf.', 'highly recommend to attend his class, so much fun and get a good grade', 'amazing prof, would love to take the rest of my cs courses with him!', "best prof i've ever met", 'would definitely recommend taking his lectures xd very cute and funny', "one of the best cs profs i've ever had. he's got so much passion for teaching! lectures are super interesting and organized. only thing i didn't like is that he doesn't post the lectures slides.", 'the way that troy lectures is really interesting and coherent and it changes my view of computer science. computer science can be a very very interesting course and it is not that challenging as i thought before i take cs 135. thank you, troy! you are a good teacher, indeed.', "this guy is awweeesomeee! definitely take his section, he explains almost every detail in his class. furthermore, he creates desire to do cs. i do not remember any class that he didn't make fun of sth. don't even think about any other prof; take his section, you won't regret.", 'one of the best very helpful in explaining and when he explains he is very logical asks students alot of question during class to see if were paying attention which show he cares about his students and also has funny jokes the best!! take his class', 'has very good humour, and can explain concepts using it.', 'he is very clear. he was my favorite professor that term. also he was really helpful after class and he answer all the questions in the class online discussion page!', 'professor vasiga has really engaging lectures. he does his best to make a dry course cs 135 as interesting as possible. he gives good examples to present cs concepts so you can understand them easier. overall, he made a really dry course interesting and engaging to participate, listen and not fall asleep. clearly, he is doing something right.', 'he is simply the bst...!', 'awesomeeee prof! the course i look forward to the most!', 'excellent lecturer. keeps students engaged. absolutely hilarious jokes. keep up the good work!', "was in his section in winter 2018. one of the best profs i've ever had, very smart and caring. the last lecture of that term was unforgettable.", 'very active enthusiastic engaging, really what university profs should be. in terms of the course, i hate it :) but one of the best profs.', 'amazing professor. clear, consistent, concise. uses skeleton notes; you better show up to class to get the annotated versions. he really walks you through the content and you get a thorough understanding of how compilers work. the only course i have made every effort to attend! 1010, all my female friends have crushes on him. some guys do too!', "he is a very smart prof. i did not find anything special about him other than his smartness.(this is because all cs prof at waterloo are amazing) he follows the slides and explan everything well. he is smart enough to answer our problems using simple logic. we are able to find him outside of classroom and he'll answer our problems.", 'hes an amazing prof! he explains the material very well. hes funny, and always keeps the class intrigued. he took a course that could have potentially been boring and dry, and made it interesting. if you arent in his section i recommend switching into it!', 'by far the best cs prof you will ever encounter. enthusiastic, humouress - all you can ask for from a prof.', 'great, funny prof.', 'great', 'amazing. kept me awake, really helped me take everything in and understand it and he made it fun to come to class. good job, troy!', 'students interested = students successful', 'he is a great prof, and so coooooool!', 'best teacher i ever had', "he's one of the best professors one can get in uw along with jock mckay(the stat teacher). maybe he's even better. very fun class, learned a lot. i didn't miss one of his class for the entire term, not by discipline, but i can't miss. if i broke my leg this morning i'd still go to his class in the afternoon.", 'really interesting and funny lectures, nice explanations. he supports ubuntu too much though)', "troy is an incredible human being! he's good at teaching, knows the material, and treats students with respect. thank you dr. vasiga.", "troy is by far one of the best professors at uwaterloo, top 3 in my opinion. his lectures are incredibly helpful as well as funny, never a dull moment in class so you'll definitely pay attention. on cs241 the assignments are hard but troy is incredibly active on piazza and always available on office hours to give feedback. exams are pretty fair", 'great prof. funny.', 'great!!!', 'amazing prof! his lectures are soooo interesting. would definitely recommend to take any class with him.', "he's very funny while teaching and seems nice but when you're one-on-one with him he's a bit of a jerk. overall his teaching is very clear and it makes cs more understandable. even though scheme is lame, he makes it ok.", 'he is a great teacher!! i thought my cs115 prof was good enough but he is better! he teaches in a slow way which can make everyone follow him and his classes are interesting as well.', 'make cs easy..', 'best professor ever!!!! i wish i could have him as my teacher forever.', "great professor! he makes you laugh and gives really good notes and great holistic idea of what you're actually doing as well as a specific one. funnest class of my semester for sure.", "he is the best instructor i have ever had. without him, i can't image how boring cs241 will be. he is not only humor but also &quot;hit the bush&quot; in class. take his class, you will learn a lot.", 'one of the best lecturers at uw!!!', 'just one word: awesome!', 'really great prof. he explains class material very clearly, and he is very humorous. the class loves him. and in general a very nice person.']
['jp is so helpful and truly is dedicated to helping his students!', 'great prof, makes the hard material easy and intersting. really helpful if you have problems. all profs should look to him for an example of how a prof should be.', 'make a hard course easy to understand. will take his course again if i can.', 'best prof ever!', 'he is excellent teacher . today , on 21 april 2016 he takes class of 11 standard at d.a.v public school in amritsar. it was amazing experience of my life with him. he teaches very joyfully that it become a great interest in us . thus he is very amazing as well as nice natured man. love him(;', "amazing prof. best one i've ever had. want him to teach all my classes. go to see him during office hours, he's so helpful!", 'j.p. = awesome. :d', 'an excellent prof, i too want him to teach all of my classes', "words can't describe how good pretti is. he's one of the amazing cs profs. if you get the chance, don't think twice, and sign up.", 'standing room only!', 'make exams too hard.', "great prof, makes class interesting. occasionally cuts off students' questions.", 'a good cs prof. a rarity.', 'he is very helpful, good lecture! the only down side is talk abit too fast', 'j.p. made the class -- math 135 -- easier to understand and interesting to follow. you can tell that he truly cares about the subject, and about the students he is teaching. i would highly encourage you to take him for his class. i would also highly encourage participating in class. the more questions you ask, the more both you and he are engaged.', "he's kind of girlish", 'his lectures are more entertaining than most movies are!', "amazing professor, don't need any comment to show that he is the best. take his section if possible.", 'he is very helpful and inspirational, you will absolutely love him. definitely wanna take more classes with him.', 'j.p. is an amazing prof ! he made cs actually sound interesting :)', 'very good professor. makes difficult material understandable.', "his lectures were always full of practical examples that made following the content easy. he has a &quot;lets explore&quot; attitude when solving problems, which is really important for cs. very approachable during class and office hours, knew my name in the first week when i didn't even remember telling him!", "passionate,funny,one of the best profs i've met,makes algebra interesting.", 'so far this is the only guy i know who teaches 5 different courses(math 135,136,cs 134,115,241) and maybe even more.i admit he sometimes is arrogant,but most times he is clear and helpful.and extremely passionate in class so i never successfully slept in his class,which,i guess,is good for me.', 'he is just a math/cs freak. very good prof', 'jp was a great lecturer and made everything super clear. my only complaint would be his availability, whenever i went to office hours they were so crowded i barely got 5 minutes with him. he also seems to jump all over the place, its like his mind is racing 100 miles a minute. would highly suggest attending his lectures though.', 'great prof, great attitude', 'so enthusiastic, he loves his job and cs. explains really well, and gives lots of extra help after class.', 'good prof, very helpful....assignments for this course will keep you awake at night tho.', 'take him, u wont regret it', 'j.p. !!! i love you man !!! the nicest guy ever!!', 'hot stuff!', 'great prof. easy to understand even when the material is tough.', 'absolutely great prof and great person!', 'very good prof. material was kind of bland but he made it at least a little interesting. would recommend this prof for cs because his teaching style is very engaging.', 'very good lectures.', 'wow what a good class. wow what a good prof. just phenominal! great lectures - very colourful. great assignments - tough yet doable given enough time. very reasonable exams. i mean - anyone who says anything bad about this prof is absolutely insane. consider yourself blessed if you get this man as your teacher.', 'he is a really nice prof, but if you are taking cs241 and should be careful...coz tory and him will definetely make the midterm and final really hard...and he also will mark the midterm before drop-deadline such that students have time to drop the course.', 'get prof, excellent excitement', "had him as a guest lecturer for cs 241, by far on of the best. high energy, and he'll go out of his way for you as a student. don't believe me&#63; see him in his office. stellar person. trying for good in this world.", "passionate lecturer who really believes in what he's teaching. introduced adt's and formal verfication very well.", 'he is a great prof and is always looking to help students. the course itself was tough but it was taught in a great way.', 'soo enthusiastic, always available for extra help, willing to make appointments to help you one-on-one, loves when people ask questions, explains the material very clearly...my favourite prof this term', 'very good prof, very helpful inside/outside of lecture. got 80s in his class.', 'very helpful and very fun to go to his lectures! jp rules!!', 'he actually had me captivated and understanding the course!', 'explain abstract stuff well and make the boring course materials more interesting and knows alot of stuff... share stories as well.. wish all teachers are like him', 'jp was such a great teacher. he would ask how your day was and made sure you understood the content if he noticed you looked confused in class. his examples and lessons were always spot on with the assignments and he never got behind. i was so lucky to have him. i hope i get him for math or cs next year!', 'legend', 'extremmly helpful, and the pez just takes the cake.', 'great prof, but spends too long dealing with mickey mouse stuff. recarrrrrrsion!', 'best. prof. ever! great explanations, humour, and help. the course is tough though', "best cs prof ever! explains things on a level that everyone can understand! provides the best extra help - makes sure you 'get it' and encourages you! extremely inspirational - you leave lectures with your mind expanded. better than troy!", 'i was struggling throughly and barely passing assignments with my originally professor. when i started going to his lectures, my marks shot up from 40% to consistent 90%+. absolutely phenomenal professor', 'he covers the material very well and even shows you how you can apply it outside of the course. lectures are rather light and enjoyable to attend.', 'awesome prof! take his lecture if you have a chance.', 'what a great teacher! he loves the material, and loves teaching. very refreshing to be taught by someone who cares that you learn!', 'got me interested in computer science. always willing to help and take the time to answer questions. no complaints whatsoever.', 'great prof! very clear, and teaches what we need to know. puts emphasis on useful material.', 'not sexy. shut up ppl.', 'he taught me the true meaning of pez', 'excellent prof', "before his class i hated cs; now i'm thinking of switching my major to it. he's an excellent prof, clearly knows his stuff, and is really good at teaching. engaging and funny, it's not too hard to pay attention to his lectures. encourages questions, makes you feel good for asking them, then does his best to find the answer. very supportive.", "he helps students adjust to their first year as he teaches. give a good amount of examples, knows the content he is teaching, doesn't just copy off his notes. listens to students questions and answer them fairly. marks fairly but not easily. great prof for math 135", 'he makes learning cs so easy and fun.', 'man i miss his lectures....he is greatooooooo.. i love j.p.', "y'all forgot to mention that he's sexy, as well as being a fab teacher!", 'this course is by far my favourite course in university, and part of it was also because of the prof. this prof is just plain amazing! made me actually want to go to every single class, a great lecturer. i would definitely take more courses with him if i could.', 'j.p. is awsome! explains everything so clearly, and he knows exactly what he is talking about! you cannot fall asleep in this class, excellent prof.', 'arrogant, not very helpful, looks down upon students', "he's just perfect!", "could not ask for a better prof. class is tough but can't blame it on the guy.", "i am in cs because of this guy. he's awesome. but watch out, his exams a little tough!", 'this course is very difficult and he makes it seem easy. lectures are phenomenal and he is an overall really inspirational guy. 10/10', 'a good man.', "...follow last comments: morland can't teach!!! he just reads from course note!", "i wasn't actually in jp's class, but my prof was bad so i started going to his lectures and it was the best decision i ever made. i still am super bad at the class but i understand so much more now! jp explains everything so well, and he is so enthusiastic it absolutely makes me day. love him, if you can get in his class just do it.", 'great prof, cute and sexy too', 'loves his students, loves his courses, loves to teach and loves to help everyone. i quite love this man.', 'one of the best cs profs at uw, he makes even this useless **** seem interesting', "i'm in 4b, and he is still the best prof i've ever had. too bad he's a leafs fan.", 'fair, helpful and generally a good prof', 'stud.....', 'very fun', "best.prof.ever. i switched into 8:30am class just to take it with him. his enthusiasm makes me feel horrible if i'm not paying attention, let alone letting myself fall asleep. explains everything so clearly and is always willing to help students out. i wish i could take every cs course with him.", 'bad course very good teacher', "awesome prof! funny, engaging, and teaches the material well. always is there to help the students; he's quick at replying to any email questions. i really enjoyed the class, when i was worried i might not. but definitely love it, and lots of thanks to j.p.!", "j.p is awesome. if he didn't go into math he would probably have a career as a public speaker - that's how energetic and engaging his lectures are. the course itself was not always an easy one but he made it interesting and understandable.", 'really good prof, want to take his class again', 'he is nice and funny. notes are organzied and helpful. good to have this prof.', 'jps good... but sorry all you jp fans.. troy rules.', "very enthusiastic even at 8:30 in the morning. good prof, and to boot, he's a leaf fan!", "good teacher, a very funny guy..... but he goes too fast (almost wayyyyy to fast). it's a good idea to read the textbook first before attending his 8:30 class.", 'good prof, but when i took this course, the midterm average was below 50', 'cool cute prof', 'excellent prof; explains clearly the content and motivation', "he's awsome, and he's way less annoying than vasiga.", 'really funny prof who really cares about students. he dedicated a lot of time outside of class to helping students. always a fair marker and was willing to explain anything you had questions about', 'amazing prof. one of the best at uw. i loved his classes and were sad when they were done. exams are hard, but you can do it :)', 'he loves what he does, keeps you up, but goes way too fast. only bad side... fast = hard....', 'the best prof ever!! he explains well. very helpful. he makes cs fun and easy.', "j.p. is just awesome! he's always so energetic and really makes math135 less stressful for me. also he gives clear lecture and is very considerate. favorite prof in uw!!! highly recommend.", 'good teacher but talks like a machine gun..slow down!', 'you can see his excitement for the course. the lectures are pure entertainment!', 'one of the best', 'troy v said he could beat you up any day', 'ver y funny', 'good prof. enthusiastic', 'amazing prof! definitely recommend to take his course!', 'absolutely the best math 135 instructor of waterloo!', 'hot stuff... great at teaching', "i failed the class, but still think he's a good teacher!", "an absolutely amazing guy that's enthusiastic, easygoing, and makes class quite enjoyable to attend. very kind and respectful towards his students and will never make you feel bad for asking a question. he also knows his material very well and teaches it at a crystal-clear pace.", 'great prof love his teaching style', 'very interesting lectures. huge leafs fan.....go leafs go!', 'he was amazing! i would take all possible cs courses with him if it was an option! he cares about you learning but, not so much its creepy. i went to his office on many occasions and he helped me. great prof made my first year a breeze(the cs part of first year)!', "he's great", 'he knows his stuff. cs freak! good teacher to learn from!', 'very well-organized lectures.', "this guy is amazing. he was able to relighten the computer programming passion i once had. i was skipping my calc class to go to jp's lecture, since my default cs prof sucked.", "one of the best profs. always full of energy, and makes you think. he talks non-stop until end of lec. always asks you if its ok that he moves on. never bores you. he makes u want to learn more. jam-packed class. had to check id #'s for valid students :)", "the best prof ever! i'm so glad i switched into his class.", 'almost perfect! cool! very interesting!', "he's the only reason i wake up in the morning (no... seriously)", 'so sexy he makes boring topics seem very interesting', 'he can make anything entertaining. even if it is at 8:30am.', 'good and caring!', 'great prof, but kinda gurly', 'dedicated, funny, and interesting.']
['though it would be a tragedy for his students to be deprived of the chance to learn from this brilliant man, he so clearly should have been a rock star.', 'fantastic class. midterm and final can be hit or miss (because you might not be able to figure out how to do it!) but plenty of potential bonus marks.', 'good prof, but it takes getting used to his teaching style. the assignments were quite challenging, but at least after you completed it, you felt you had a better grasp of the material. the assignments were hard, but you have to remember this is the university of waterloo - arguably one of the best cs schools in north america', 'funny dude on piazza, cool dude irl', 'teaching the most boring course ever, he made it interesting.', "best prof. i've ever had", 'best prof i had at uw.', 'awesome prof! worth taking. the content of the lectures is very diffecult', "dude's an evil genius, but a really smart guy in my class told me the secret: the songs he plays before class aren't just songs. they're clues to the test answers. no room here to explain fully, but pay attention to titles and think plain ol' binary code.", 'most interesting prof ever :)', 'excellent', 'very charismatic. good taste in music. philosophical. extremely tough exams.', "this guy is hard. don't take his course unless you are willing to put effort into it. his assignments are very hard. that being said, if you do put in the effort, this might be the most rewarding course you ever take.", 'absolutely great prof!! no one else could have given such a good introduction to cs. his lectures were the most interesting from all my first year profs. also, he made the course material pretty challenging and way more fun than the regular cs courses. his lecture notes are complete and very helpful. best class i took in my first year.', 'amazing prof. the final exam was really creative and interesting.', "one of the most passionate profs i've ever hard. he cares about his performance and how well you learn. he's one of the only profs that will discuss his ratings by students, and takes these ratings very seriously. also an incredibly bright guy; one of the smartest people i know (in cs, music, travel, etc -- he's a well-rounded guy!)", "prabhakar is a vastly underrated prof. i think he's an excellent lecturer, and just because he designs courses so that you have to earn a good mark instead of getting one by default doesn't make him a bad professor.", 'avoid at all costs!!! excruciatingly hard exams...lectures are somewhat engaging, but he often gives overly complicated explanations', 'first offering of the course so marking was extremely lenient. clear teacher, definitely would take the enriched again.', "this guy's a freakin genious yo...definitly know alot..i mean alot...but only if you like the stuff he's teaching..if you dont it can be a pain..for me it was an amazing experience. hope to have him as a prof for future courses", "cares so much about being a good teacher it's astounding. he constantly refines his courses and puts effort into ensuring that he presents material in the right way. for example, he does original research in computer science on data structures that are easier to teach than the existing ones. so much respect for him, great prof.", "prabhakar has a very unique teaching style unlike any instructor i've had. he teaches the lesson from the ground up, to guide you to recreate and understand the entire picture yourself. yet at the same time, he gives you all the necessary information in a clear and logical fashion. i've enjoyed every cs 145 lecture so far.", "this prof's explanations are ok, but could be more straightforward sometimes, instead of using those long sentences and big words. his exams are marked pretty generous, as long as you really show your understanding of the material.", 'interesting to listen to.', 'a brilliant lecturer of a difficult class (but definitely worth it in the end).', 'great professor. he is exceptionally good at explaining ideas and concepts and is always enthusiastic while delivering them. he designed the entire cs curriculum, so he is also obviously very smart. take cs 145, more fun, more challenging, and more interesting than cs 135/115.', "very devoted and actually cares about students education. incredibly helpful to see outside of class and encourages students to do so. assignments and exams are tough but fair. you'll definately learn a lot. he isn't the best lecturer, but isn't that bad either. if your looking for an easy credit, wrong guy, if you actually want to learn, excellent", 'one of the few profs in waterloo cs who actually cares about teaching and the underaduate curriculumn. his lectures are often not so clear, but he is very helpful if you go see him outside of class. in upper year classes he has a tendancy to slaughter his students, but if you take a course with him you will learn a lot.', 'just like so many people here already said: a very, very caring and devoted scholar, a zealot in his own way. looking forward to see more of him in later courses.', 'i think he is a good prof. he is trying to make students learn the material and not merely getting a high mark without knowing anything. his exams and assignments are tough, but he is always there to help!', 'very intelligent prof, too bad course is dull', 'great class. fewer bonus marks available than in cs 145. midterm and final are both still pretty hard, but grading is forgiving.', "his style may not be to everyone's taste, but i liked him, both as a prof and as a person. of all profs i had in 6 terms at waterloo, he impressed me the most.", 'probably the best cs prof', 'a true teacher. knows how to captivate the student.', 'annoying digressions on music, philosophy etc., but an excellent teacher', 'earns his salary. had 16-page midterm marked for the entire section in three days. reasonable in expectations. challenging, but worth it.', 'genuinely intelligent prof. (no, really.) friendly and helpful, too.', "textbook reference is essential. there are about 20 assignments, which are usually due 2 days apart from each other. just do a bunch of them at once and you'll be ok :-)", 'killer exams. spend more time on this course than os! helpful outside class', "very good at teaching scheme. he teaches very fast, which is ideal for an advanced course, but probably very bad for a regular course. i took the course with significant prior knowledge of programming, and i must admit that is was very helpful, despite everyone saying that it's not necessary. gives a lot of bonus marks, but also a lot of work.", 'all i can say, is that this guy made the course fun!', 'amazing professor, but you need to put some effort into learning the concepts!', 'loves his subject', 'i stopped attending lectures by my old prof when i found this guy. he is amazing', 'loose the white shoes&black jeans mr rundmc goodprof+badcourse=forgetful course', 'painfully hard, the course still gives me nightmares. at the same time, assignments do a great job of teaching. very fair on the exams, and does nice bell curves. i think many people got over 100 in this course (the cs geniuses of course), but as long as you stuck around, the mark adjusting helped. assignments take very long and are very hard.', 'bestt ever...........i miss his lectures', 'he is a very "pro" and nice professor. he knows the material very well. but he is a little lacking on explanation. a few of the material he covered are a little unclear. may be i suck at it. his assignments are hard and it gets you to think. he really challenges you to think about cs deeply. his exams are pretty challenging.', "his exams test concepts, not memorization so if you get that, you'll do well.", "awesome, really cares about his students, particularly if you care to learn. definitely worth having as a prof. take cs 135, don't torture yourself with the ugliness that is java.", 'good prof, but exams are like assignments! tuff!', 'he assigns a lot of work and the midterm was hard. however, he was very willing to help out when asked and it was very clear that he was trying really hard to teach well.', "intelligent, friendly guy. really knows what he's doing. can be a little unclear, boring, and/or long-winded sometimes.", 'this is the single most dedicated prof at this school, that i have encountered. the level at which he genuinely cares about students is astonishing. this course made me love cs.', 'this sloe-eyed demon can and will provoke, tempt and cajole the best possible work out of you. stern, sometimes even forbidding manner, but really just a baa-lamb underneath.', "cs 145 can be difficult for those without prior mathematical experience. however, if you know what induction and recursion are, and are willing to put in a bit of time, you ought to do well. the professor teaches well and is very nice, but you do need to actually know how to code. don't expect a trivial course and you'll get a very interesting one.", 'very interesting class, definitely recommend it. the prof is very knowledgeable and clear when explaining. thumbs up!', 'take cs 145. you will learn a lot of interesting stuff.', 'this man taught me how to teach. an incredibly clear lecturer who nurtures student interest by introducing motivation for material before presenting it such that the reasoning behind the material becomes intuitive. exams were extremely well-written, to the point of being fun.', 'very very good in this class. the assignments still give me nightmares', 'bad course, but good prof :)', 'very clear and precise about assignments', "class is hard but you can really learn a lot from him. hard assignments and exams, but since it's advanced course this is expected. very personable.", 'this guys hilarious - do not miss his beginning of class anecdotes', 'good prof, extremely helpful during office hours. made the course accessible to poeple with no prior experience, yet still interesting for people with lots of experience. assignments are often very challenging though. exams were well written.', "not sure why other people are so against him: he's extremely charismatic, but in an refreshing take-you-out-of-the-boring-box way. i found him engaging and easy to learn from.", 'i think he should prep more. he was trying to figure stuff out as he went along', 'he is truly a genious!. cares a lot about the students. midterms are ok, final is impossible! lack of past exam paper is one of the main reason for not being able to make good prep. for final. but overall, he is a great teacher.!', "such an amazing prof. you wouldn't think it at first, as sometimes his lectures are slightly dull and hard to follow, but he does a great job in terms of challenging his students and is very helpful. really makes you understand and love functional programming. take this course if you have the aptitude, it's far more rewarding than cs135/6.", 'an articulate, intelligent interesting man. definitely my fav prof.', "great prof...could be a better lecturer, but his assignments prepare you so well fr the midtrm and the final, that if u end up doing and understanding the assignments (which are hard) yourself, u'll do well in the course...and u actually end up learning something...", 'this man makes you think - smart individual and not a bird course if he teaches', 'sometimes tries to step back and give a more general view of the material, which is interesting and welcome. music before class is also nice. however, he does tend to plow through things that could use more explaining.', 'cool, down-to-earth guy. very helpful with material and more (he will answer other questions too!). also is on facebook, and actively participates in student groups/forums. posts funny comments during our exams for us to see after.', "i didn't enroll in cs 146 but i go to his class for my own interest. he teaches materials that are a lot different from cs 136. he didn't teach c at all in the lectures but he stick with racket and taught us some compiler and assembler stuff. it's pretty hard to understand in first year. he is an amazing prof, funny and very smart."]
['two thumbs up!', 'very hard and challenging course. but very interesting too. and professor shallit is cool and extremely fair.', 'a great time is had every lecture, thanks in no small part to the depth of knowledge shallit has on the content of the course, and the history behind the development of computer science.', "excellent prof...however he's very tough", 'very tough. knows his stuff.', 'they say cs350 is hard. imo, this class is harder. prof shallit knows his stuff, makes the course interesting, explains things really clear, but at the same time, those without the mathematical background will suffer.', "best prof i've ever had", "i think jeffrey is a pretty cool guy. eh kills cs problems and doesn't afraid of anything", 'great course, really interesting each class, rarely looked at the clock!', "make no mistake about it, this is a difficult course and it's being taught by someone who has extensive (and i mean extensive) background knowledge in the area. the assignments are quite challenging, but not unreasonable. midterm & final are pretty brutal. if you go to lectures and take notes, you should be pretty good, but effort is required.", 'interesting lectures. good at relating abstract things to other abstract things.', 'his lectures were interesting and engaging. midterm and final were easy, but he was very tough with the marking, for both tests and assignments. assignments were challenging. overall, great prof for cs 341.', "hardest class i've taken here (i haven't taken any of the killer courses, though). prof was mildly entertaining. never dreaded going to class. teaches directly from his book, though, which is my only complaint.", 'awesome course, highly recommended, but prepare for a fair amount of work, and a few lame jokes', 'funny guy, and great prof...', 'funny, interesting. good prof. however, he is freaking hard. assignments are way harder than other profs. insane amount of mathematics background required to deal with his questions. really smart guy, but has tendency to cater the lecture to the smartest people in class. crazy hard midterms, crazy hard assignments. take him if you want to die.', 'very interesting (and often humourous) lectures and most assignments are challenging. flap textbook is written by shallit himself and is an extremely valuable resource. shallit is passionate about the material and is always willing to help students. i highly recommend his classes to anyone even moderately interested in the subject matter.', 'a good lecturer, his course notes are well written, and the assignments cover the material well.', 'jeffrey shallit was an amazing professor. very well written exams, and really did make algorithms an incredibly fun class.', 'funny, smart', "learns students' names. knows every last detail about the material. good explanations and he's really interested in the course material. excellent prof.", 'very clear instruction. a lot of interesting stuff in lecturing. moderate assignments.', "the man's a genious. he's helpful, clear, and interesting. beware: he learns names fast, and will treat you based on your marks. that said, show interest and he will too.", 'knows his stuff.', 'the assignments & midterms are ok. the final is brutal. crystal clear but unwilling to answer questions related to exams. has a strong passion about teaching & mathematics.', 'holding virtual office hours via instant messenger at the night before the assignment is due, what more can i say about how great this prof is&#63;', 'best prof i have had since i come to unversity', 'resident genius. .. hzp.', 'entertaining, makes the material look interesting to digest', "great prof. can be very challenging though - advice to those taking this course unless you're a former imo member, try not to take more than 2 other intesnse high level courses (eg 400 pmaths 400 cs killer courses etc.) if you battle through every problem in sipser, you can easily get pretty close to 100%.", 'great course, the professor is very passionate about the material. some of the assignment problems are quite hard. he brought us cake for his birthday :).', 'the course is pretty interesting. it contains a lot of concepts that require time and practice to understand fully. so whereas the notes are excellent, there is a distinct benefit to going to the class, as the professor explains the concepts very clearly.', 'excellent lectures! i found the course easy. fox and geese were fun.', 'his exam is easier compared with other professors and in the assignment, there are a lot of bonus questions.', "this is an interesting course, but the problem sets and exam are difficult if you don't work hard. prof shallit is very helpful when you go in for extra help.", 'entertaining', "if you enjoy cs theory, then you will enjoy professor shallit. he delivers his helpful lectures with pride and enthusiasm. he is also encouraging and listens to what students have to say. however, his assignments may be more work than you're willing or able to undertake.", 'bunch of office hours and a lot of bonus marks in the assignment. his exam is easier compared with other professor and you are allowed to bring the cheat sheet. algorithm is not a course for remembering.', 'excellent professor with touch yet interesting and thought provoking assignments', 'hard course, but very well structured. prof helps you if you help yourself.', 'he knows his stuff, and if you work hard, you will too. can be quite funny.', 'a great all round prof.', 'pretty good prof. knows cs and mathematics very well and explains concepts in a very clear way. a little bit intimidating to ask questions. try to ask clever questions. exams were fair, assignments were kind of tricky. very passionate and smart person in his area.', 'interesting, passionate, clear, hard assignments and exams. told us to do what we can of them (seems to me, as if expecting us to fail) and they were all (all parts too) mandatory.', "he's good for smart people, but may be a bit fast for those not too smart. either way he's very good, and is probably one of the least boring profs in cs department.", "jeffrey shallit is an awesome professor! i'm always very impressed with his ability to capture and then maintain my interest. he also seems to care about genuinely care about helping his students to get involved and learn the material.", 'his lectures were interesting and engaging. midterm and final were easy and you are allowed to bring cheat sheet with whatever you want on it. you can always drop by his office every day and each assignment has 5 bonus marks. he will not directly give you the solution but will encourage you to find it by yourself. (some people may dislike this)', 'really good for good students, but if you are as stupid as i am youll probably have a hard time working the assignments. they are tough, but he is willing to help you, always, no matter how stupid you are. :). great guy, nice personality. a++++ will buy again....', "one of the best professors i had in 5 years at uw. you don't want anyone else teaching you formal languages. he gave out cool prizes for people who asked good questions or answered hard problems.", 'awsome prof! he remembers everyones names. the lectures were really interesting. assignments and exams were challenging but were fair.', 'easy one of the best teachers in the school, period.', 'very smart man...', 'smart, funny, big league prof', 'awesome dude, cares for his students a lot and knows how to teach. also humorous guy, one of the best profs.', 'biggest brain on campus award', "very comical guy, he'd do some pretty elaborate things to be funny in class, which does make it more interesting. he goes through material fast and sometimes things he does are unclear. teaches mainly by example.", 'good lectures for a hard course. arrrrg matey.', 'shallit is clearly passionate about the material, and does a very good job of organizing a good lecture. encourages active participation from class (sometimes "voluntolds" people) and answers questions patiently. about the course : he knows the material really well, but a tough grader. get ready to hit the books :)', 'the lectures are always good, but he is reluctant to help in assignments', 'tough, but funny and helpful', "shallit did an outstanding job with this course. he's taken material that can be quite difficult (and boring) and made it accessible and fun. two thumbs up!", "i liked how he explains stuff and how he's really passionate about the material. assignments can be tricky but almost always have bonus questions. exams may require some knowledge about math otherwise it's pretty fair.", 'w01 term', "you can't handle shallit if you are too young", 'intelligent and entertaining. well-designed assignments, lectures, and notes.', 'great professor, can explain complex topics in a very accessible way. seems to love what he teaches and it shows by the presentation of his lecture, which are clear and concise. takes the time to know his students by name, which really makes a difference.', "he presented the material, which can be a bit boring because of its abstractness, in an interesting way. it's quite obvious he is very interested in the field.", 'excellent prof']
['nice prof.', 'slow and boring at times, while rushed and haphazard at others. nonetheless, she is still very clear and gives loads of examples to work with. her class was packed in the beginning of the term, and i think that had to do with the clarity behind her lectures. she is also helpful during office hours and with e-mail responses. good work!', 'cs 133 is for the computer illterate. she took too long to explain some things.', "not a bad course. case explains everything to death. if you pick up cs concepts easily, you'll fall asleep in her class. very friendly prof.", "the course itself depends on how much programming you already know. for me it was none and this class made me take it as a major. lori's lectures will be dry if you're not into the subject. otherwise. her explanations were aimed perfectly, she was really helpful in office hours and overall just a really great prof.", "cs 134 can be confusing course for those who do not like cs. however she's an awesome prof. she's very nice/kind person to ask for help and she will tell you everything you don't understand step by step. i failed the midterm with 30% and but managed to pass the course because i did well on the final after asking her for help =).", "lori is one of the nicest profs you'll ever meet. she explains everything clearly to make sure that everybody understands. i knew nothing about programming whatsoever before taking this class and i'm doing really well right now. assignments and labs can be a little hard sometimes but they help you understand the concepts a lot better.", 'enthusiastic teacher, but too detailed and makes me fall asleep.', 'great lectures overall, wonderful delivery of content but lecture is a little bit dry.', 'good teacher, however boring at times', 'it was kind of boring listening to her talk after a while, and she tends to spend a lot of time reviewing concepts from previous classes, but then she rushes through the new stuff', 'got a few bonuses off from her', 'decent prof, good cs advisor, but the courses themselves are boring as hell.', 'she was alright, but boring.. the course is boring what do you expect&#63;', "average. it's a crappy course though, doesn't matter who teaches it.", 'great prof; easy to understand, helpful and answers your questions very well. i had her for cs 115 as well, and i am very happy i did.', "good teacher, easy course. i didn't find her that boring, and i thought her explanations were neat. answered emails promptly.", 'not a bad teacher. very easy course.', 'she was an awesome proff, and it was a good course, but in reality, it was the awesome tutors that made the course what it is', 'i dropped down from cs 135 and found lori to be wonderfully clear and gives good, overly detailed explanations, which i am fine with.', 'she was great. she made things very easy to learn for a beginner. she was also very approachable.', "really a good prof. i thought she was horrible in cs125, but that's just the boring course content, not her fault. you really can't teach programming on a chalk board. if you get her for 134 though, she's really good. her explanations are extremely clear.", "gives many examples, always willing to answer questions, always understanding of your circumstances. assignments take forever to do, do yourself a favour and don't leave them till the night before, or you will suffer. one average, they take about 5-9 hours to do, and you have one every week.", 'ok as a prof but , best cs advisor ever', 'alright prof. easy to understand.', 'good', 'explanations make everything very clear. her examples are very helpful with assignments. lectures are a little boring, but all cs lectures are', 'lori case is extremely knowledgeable about computer science. her lectures are clear and comprehensive. she explains and emphasizes important concepts several times in class though this may sound repetitive. overall, she is an excellent professor. i would definitely recommend her for cs 115 and cs 116.', 'feels like cs 130 all over again... treats you like high school student...', "she's a funny teacher. especially when she ripped off the phone book while teaching and also &quot;stealing&quot; her sons toys to teach cs 134. she's not boring at all", "if u wanna pass cs 125&134, take her class!! but honestly, her sections fill in so fast that i don't think you can enrol in.", "i thought she was a good prof for cs115 if it's your first time ever doing cs. if you've programmed before then she might go a bit slow but i think that's also just the way the course is designed because it's meant for beginners.", "amazing prof! she's amazingly clear and makes computer science really easy for first-time learners. definitely recommend!", 'above avg... nothing special', 'had lori case a few years ago for this course and she is also a cs advisor. she is so approachable and a great professor. you can tell she wants her students to understand the content.', "she's a really good prof! make sure u have her!!", 'good prof, but courses are really boring, hard not to fall asleep...', 'weird way of explaining things... i skipped most of her lectures', 'not too bad at all. although can be droning on sometimes... like her examples tho.', 'answers questions very well, very smart prof but isnt very interesting..', "awesome prof for someone who hasn't taken cs before. lots of office hours. very helpful.", 'lori case is extremely great instructor and is very knowledgeable of computer science. she does a lot of examples that relate to assignments questions and her explanations of the concept are extremely clean. i always follow full 80 minutes of her lecture because she never loses you. recommending her to everyone who wants to learn in class!', "she explains everything very clear and makes sure that everybody understands. but before coming to clase make sure you get lots of sleep it gets little bit borring. i don't think it because of her but because of the class, it usefull and borring stuff, it's ,ore fun doing it than learning about it.", '-nice teacher, the course itself killllled me.', "easy course, my roommate and i both fell asleep in every lecture after the first month or so and still both had as. not easy for everyone though. she re-explains concepts several times making it boring if you understood the first time. good if you didn't understand though i guess", 'good and clear!', "awesome professor! she explains things so well and seems really nice. she answers all questions in class and is always in a good mood. i'd be so happy to have her again!", 'she is really great! she knows stuff and explain very well with good examples. :)', 'we need more teachers like lori case at the university of waterloo. she has excellent oral communication, her lectures are very clear and most of all, she teaches with utmost passion. i am so glad i had her this term.', 'she is a very good prof. she explains everything clearly and is able to bring it to a level that all can understand. if you can have her, you should.', 'she has a clear voice and explains in a way students can understand easily. often make good use of the board rather than just the slides. overall a good prof!!', 'lori case is the teacher to take if you do not understand computer science concepts at all. i went into cs 131 with no programming knowledge whatsoever. she will repeatedly go over concepts again and again, until they become engraved into your mind...that is a good thing (for people like me)', 'she is a nice prof, very passionate about giving lectures. however, it was really hard to get focused when listening to her constant speaking and explanation.', 'slightly boring, but overall good lectures and helpful.', 'nice prof. explain things really clear and easy to understand.', 'kinda blah, but teaches with lotsa visuals.', "if you're looking for a prof to make you laugh, look elsewhere. if you want a prof who's easily approachable, knowledgeable, and friendly, look no further. even though i had no interest in cs134 since it was a review of high school for me, i still managed to not fall asleep in her class. she also makes an effort to learn your name.", 'course is well structured, and she is always there to help.', 'very nice prof']
["he's definitely a great lecturer, but personally he kind of butchered cs246 for me (and for many others). not a lot of object-oriented programming was taught, which i thought was the point of the class. the assignments were pretty tedious and boring. i don't think i learned too much, honestly. wish i had nomair. other than that, peter was solid.", 'hilarious prof! i go to his lecture to get entertained, and in the process learn some c++/oop. lecture materials are both relevant and insightful. assignments and tests are not easy, but doable. no need to go to tutorials, just pay attention in class. overall, does a good job teaching what you will need in the workplace.', 'he is someone who understands what teaching is all about and you can tell he truly enjoys it. an amazing presenter that provides you with tons of useful information and utilizes analogies very very effectively. i would have never understood the reader/writer solution with split-binary semaphores without him explaining it. go to all his lectures!', "i've never had another prof who knows his **** as well as buhr. un-stumpable.", "this guy knows his concurrency man... don't even think about challenging him... go to his lectures.. awesome explanations... i wish i went more often.. but class was too early :(", "advice: don't miss a single lecture of his. he explains everything beautifully. and if you don't understand something still...just download and read his text. exact same examples from the course notes, but more verbose.", 'he is simply the god of concurrency.', 'one of the greatest professors at the university. simply amazing. no more needs to be said.', "makes cs sound easy - and i am a 65%'er in most cs classes.", 'one of the best profs at waterloo. makes everything easy to understand using everyday analogies.', "amazing prof! difficult assignments and tests but the amount of stuff you'll learn about your coding styles and other things about the world of c++ is amazing. if you have the chance, take a course with him.", 'the best prof. in uw', "he's been the best cs prof i've ever had. the content is not the easiest, but his slides and presentations are clear. he's clear about his biases, and tries very hard to justify them. lectures are entertaining, informative and hilarious. he's not just interested in teaching you concurrency, he also is trying to make you a better coder period.", 'great professor! know his stuffs and know how to teach :) beautiful explanation on everything.', 'this dude is fun, and relays material well and with cute examples. an example of an extraordinary professor.', 'assignments are tedious for this class so better to start earlier. tests are not difficult if you memorize your assignment code and course note, would not require too much thinking. peter is good prof, though sometimes he might explain things in not natural way. prepare to learn such terms as "shmilbling", "maluba", "automagic" and "daaaa".', 'awesome prof! if you take 342, go only to his class', 'best prof i ever had!', 'excellent lecturer.', 'hands down, one of the best cs profs; no more needs to be said.', 'knows his stuff. makes it easy to understand.', 'uc++ is very good work. .. hzp.', 'looks like ned flanders from the simpsons.', 'correction: very funny, enthusiastic, and helpful!', 'excellent understanding of threading issues, which made it easy to teach.', 'used old exams, but he dont teach for next 16 months', "best prof i've ever had during my 4 years in waterloo.", 'works very hard to make lectures entertaining/educational and actively helps students with their programming problems. an impressive professor. assignments can be a little ambiguous. it might be intentional.', 'a great, friendly lecturer. he makes lots of fun (and geeky) jokes during the lecture. his lectures are never boring. explains materials well.', 'he is the best prof in uw cs department. although cs343 is usually a tough course, he really makes it easy. crystal lectures, helpful assignments and the best thing is he gave sample exam which is a great source to study from. a must take!!!!', 'great prof. must have', 'using beer as examples makes concurrency easy to understand.', 'really good prof that introduces you concurrency', 'really smart guy, and a really good course. tells interesting stories about programming languages. many questions are straight from the course notes.', 'moves quickly through lectures. some independent learning. great prof. material was excellent and practical. assignments are lengthy, but prove to be extremely helpful and teach you real world applications of cs such as the fact that some specifications are not 100% complete of programs and that some independent learning is needed in addition.', 'a bit dry at times, but otherwise very clear and helpful. if caroline kierstead is the course coordinator, ignore her. always talk to buhr instead, you will get a much better and clearer response.', 'one of the best professors i ever had. an amazing lecturer. very nice and inspirational.', 'wrote the language we learn', 'hype prof', 'funny, great examples!', "best professor i've had at waterloo. expert at concurrency and extremely funny and entertaining.", 'extremely smart, knows this course inside out. best prof evar', 'clear and incredibly interesting lecturing on some extremely difficult topics. however, he did promise that we would grow our first gray hairs by the end of the course, and i know i did.', 'the best prof. his lecture are interesting and funny. assignment takes time but not too challenging, as long as you spend long enough staring at it.', 'fried running shoe man strikes again!', 'amazing prof. funny, very interesting, knows his stuff. he makes the course hard but straightforward - you will learn a lot. the final exam is hard, study his notes well! 5/5', 'great prof. the course is hard but fun. i leaned a lot.', "i had his cs246 lecture. he's one of the best prof i've ever met at uw. i wanted to take his cs343 at fall term 2012 but he's temporary not in school. i will wait him till he's back.", "awesome prof! as everyone said, this guy makes hard concepts easy by using effective analogies. his classes are always a pleasure to go to. i've learned a tremendous amount in this course, both about concurrency and being a better coder. this is what a university course should be like. if you're going to take cs343, take it with buhr!", "amazing prof who's always enthusiastic about the subject. he cares about the students and can answer questions with ease. he uses helpful analogies to get concepts across. course notes were very thorough and accompanied his lectures well. exams are not too hard if you study and listen in class. very very good teacher.", 'amazing prof. has a funny analogy for everything. who knew you can teach concurrency with a bathroom as an example! his classes are never boring and he really has the passion for teaching. highly recommended!', 'solid.', "the guy above contradicts his rating...duh! buhr's funny and knowledgable", 'expert in c++, a buhr lecture a day keeps the java defenders away.', "excellent explanations. too slow at times if the stuff makes sense to you, but very good overall. seems very friendly. assignments/tests seemed very straightforward; material was tested/reinforced well -- most well-organized course i've ever taken. if you have a choice, take this course for sure.", 'best comsci professor imo. very entertaining and very easy to understand what he says, the clock always tick too fast in his lecture. pretty much the only lecture i actually enjoy going.', 'the best cs prof in waterloo. love his lectures and his assignments. helped me improve my coding skills as well as concurrency...must take.', 'this was a really really hard class. well, at least he made it into one. he was a great prof, but concurrency is just a crazy class. no way around that.', 'definitely the best cs prof, knows how to speak english and knows how to teach. what more could you ask for&#63;', 'among the best cs profs, and also really smart, research etc.', 'i graduated years ago, but i still remember buhr as one of the best profs ever.', 'my favourite prof. really good at teaching this course. although materials are hard, he is really good at explaining them. exams are easy if you know everything on the course notes. really nothing out of surprise. assignments are a bit challenging and takes time though.', 'one grrrrrrrreat prof!', 'excellent prof! memorable/funny analogies for concepts taught. he loves teaching. he loves concurrency. very nice guy as well.', 'overall a decent prof that teaches the material well. even though you learn through the assignments, they are vague, unnecessarily tedious, and require you to follow a purely subjective coding style. most programs are required to print output in a complex way when there are many simpler alternatives, and i resent wasting time on these aspects.', 'if you take cs342, take his lecture!!', 'def knows his stuff, goes through examples well, does not just read off the notes like carolin. my only complaint was for him to tone down the silly responses that he would occasionally give to a valid question every once in a while.', 'the best concurrency prof out there. extremely enthusiastic, funny and crazy. you will love his lectures. his lecture is addicting and fluent to listen to. concurrency is hard and he makes it easy to understand. assignments are long and hard but very helpful. gives exam solution so you can expect exam with same format. can be impatient on piazza.', 'one of the best uw cs professors. perhaps the best.', "stage presence, wit, and brains - he's a hotty! likes squash, van gogh", "great prof - an expert in the subject of concurrency, he knows his stuff. extremely empathetic with students, and works with you if you're having issuesconcerns with any of the material. he's more interested in you learning than having you do a bunch of assignments for the sake of credit. take this if you get a chance!", 'amazing prof. you should not take the course with anyone but him. he is extremely motivational and dedicated to teaching. there is nobody who knows more about the subject than him. excellent at promoting questions in class and makes himself highly available outside of class.', 'incredible professor! very eager to help students debug, even though it is a third year course. very knowledgeable about many cs related topics. very interesting prof and perhaps the best on waterloo campus.']
['most of his lectures were very clear. during office hours he preferred not to answer questions directly, instead he gave students a hint which always worked for me. exams were a bit hard. overall, i learned a lot and now i continue to develop my skills in oop on my own : )', "nice prof, lectures were clear and anything that wasn't he was willing to explain. tough assignments but you should probably get used to that", 'one of the best proffesors, very helpful during office hours, nicely and neatly designed lectures. could be better if he can hold more office hours.', 'one of the best cs profs. he has his own notes and is very familiar with the course. brad transitions between topics very well-- making the course very coherent and clear for students. his 8:30 class still had great attendance near the end of the course.', "absolutely crystal clear. his lectures were great to attend. all my friends either really love him or think he's mediocre, though, so your mileage may vary. for this course specifically: assignments were challenging but enjoyable; examinations are not unfair, but very, very comprehensive (which i think is perfectly fair). know your stuff.", 'notes are extremely organized and well presented. content is presented and taught very well. excellent prof.', "the comments below have little merit. brad set a fair midterm and a fair final and his lectures were crystal clear. while he may have reused assignments, other courses such as cs 136 tend to do the same thing. he answered all important questions on piazza, and had genuine reasons for not giving out midterm solns. i'm satisfied.", 'nice explanations and really helpful outside of class. cool prof.', 'great!', "one of the best prof's i had. he writes his own notes and they are really clear and easy to understand. a definite choice for future cs courses!", "the assignments were brutal, but now that they're over, i'm glad they were... learned a lot. he's a great prof, very knowledgeable and is happy to answer questions.", "very interesting course, very well taught. probably the best prof i've ever had in terms of teaching style, clarity, and answering student questions. the assignments were very useful for understanding course mat. although there were always a few ambiguities (always check piazza). midterm was a little iffy but final was very fair.", "i don't agree with any of these posters... i aced his class. his only main problem while teaching is lack of humour - logic is too dry without laughter. yes, assignments were hard but always doable and he always replied to questions. midterm was 100% straight forward and the final was tough but huge bell curve (80 marked out of 65) helped.", 'lectures and notes were very clear and coherent. very helpful outside of class. would love to take future cs classes taught by him.', 'great prof, excellently prepared lectures, and a passionate guy. the way he teaches is good regardless of prior knowledge level. he cares for his students! wish more profs were like brad!', "amazing prof. i switched out of my original section to brad's 8:30 class because he gives really helpful notes on the board, encourages discussion, and really knows how to teach! also makes quick responses via email and piazza", 'awesome prof. this class was awesome and he nailed everything down so perfectly. it was kind of hard; but worth it.', 'good lectures, wont hold your hand though', 'great professor, his explanation and organization of topics makes the course easy to understand. i hope i have him again.', 'great prof. always has clear explanations and well presented material.', 'has the most useful and thorough lectures, but his courses are hard.', 'he is always patient and ready to help outside class! you can always get help from him even late at midnight or very early in the morning. i usually got his response by email within 15 mins even i sent my questions to him at 2:30 am!!! the course is quite heavy and tough, so a guy like him is always needed and appreciated!!', "this man can lecture. always ready to answer any question, always correct lectures, always leaves time at the end to explore interesting cool things. friendly, not boring, good opinions on what makes for good pedagogy. best prof/lecturer i've had at uw. one of the few highlights of the faculty of uw.", 'attend classes and do assignments and you will rock', 'excellent prof... but very hard assignments and midterm.', 'brad is an amazing professor, the lectures are well structured and extremely relevant. definitely one of my favourite cs courses!', 'extremely interesting and rewarding course. professor had enthusiasm and encouraged students to step out of their comfort zones. fair assignments and exams.', 'really good notes and good explanations. not the easiest prof but i do think taking his cs 246 really builds up a good base. i am currently in 4th year and still do appreciate his 246 and 240 classes.', 'a very good prof teaching useful materials. just follow up with the lecture and review the notes before exams, you will get a good mark, and learn well.', 'very interesting course, and brad does a fantastic job at organizing his lectures and his lecture notes. the course notes that he wrote are also great. exams are tough - very comprehensive, and use those annoying exam booklets. i would highly recommend this course, despite it being difficult. it really opens your eyes to new ways of thinking.', "this guy is the best professor i've had so far in waterloo. great lecturer and great notes. he is also very helpful outside of class and nice. attend his lectures if you have the chance.", "a great lecturer, walks you through and knows how a cser thinks. very helpful, and very interested in students success. he is also really cool in a cs professor way! he rocks! best professor i've had so far.", 'great guy. very helpful. always there if you need help. assignments are way too long though. i spent 90% of my time on his course when i had 4 other courses to work on. overall great job though.', 'overall the course was well structured. however, it has too much materials, and they were very difficult.', "cs246e was a ride, but a fun ride. we learned a lot but there is a lot of work. overall prof. lushman's teaching style (which is very structured) worked well for this course (i don't think it would necessarily be the best for other courses though).", 'had 246 as well as 240 with lushbear. he is brilliant and explains things clearly. great style of teaching, going to class is mandatory. assignments are challenging nightmares but he is always available for help. tests are pretty fair.', 'this was the single most difficult and rewarding class i took at my time at uw. well worth the effort thanks to the prof.', "he could be more engaging. it's hard to pay attention for the full 1.5 hours, but his course notes are great to the point that you don't really need to go to class.", 'good prof, easily understood.', 'really nice instructor. you will definitely learn lots of stuff! take his course!', 'incredibly difficult prof. his difficulty lies in his intelligence. that is, he is a rather brilliant man, however, the assignments and tests were clearly made for other rather brilliant people, as they are long and extremely hard. our rapid decrease in class size demonstrates this. if you want to learn a lot but not pass, take a lushman class.', "assignments are extremely time-consuming. midterm was somewhat unfair. my expectations for the course were not met.. i should've known that at uw it would be totally theory focussed. i would not recommend this this course.", "this was the first offering of cs246e offered, and brad didn't hold back. his notes were very well organized from the very beginning, and you can tell he had taken a lot of time to structure this course out well. he wasn't easy, and introduced a lot of content. also beware of the final project, as it sneaks up on you quickly. overall, a solid prof.", 'great prof. super clear. great notes. the notes are all you need. some assignments are long but the class is not too hard. make sure you attend class because the notes are all you have.', "really smart guy, teaching style shows it. asks for class participation a lot. class can sometimes get boring, mostly because of the content. wasn't super helpful during office hours. lectures are super helpful for assignments.", 'awesome prof! really knows how to explain stuff. chalkboard notes are extremely helpful! i had a great time in this course!', "assignments were extremely time consuming, perhaps to the point of being excessive. he is very knowledgeable however, and is willing to help and is enthusiastic about the programming languages field. i'd recommend the course with brad if and only if you are interested in the topic, and not if you are looking for a lighter 4th cs course.", "took this course in dalhousie. probably the most knowledgeable, enthusiastic (in introverted way), and helpful prof i've ever had. he really knows his stuff and if you struggle he'll always make sure you understand. found the course hard, but i highly recommend it. you'll absolutely love it. he is the prof you'll never forget. a+", 'great prof! i took cs135 with him in winter. as it was my first cs course (being a cs major), i was amazed by his clarity and teaching skills. he is definitely one of the best lecturers out there!', 'he is such an amazing prof for cs. he is well prepared for all of his lectures and explains extremely clear and concise. cs 246 is a very important course and the most useful course. i am glad that i had brad for this course. i learned a lot. the only drawback is he wasted time writing code on the board that can be shown to us on the screen.', "this prof is the best prof i've ever had in my entire cs undergrad. no seriously, this guy is amazing, he's made a serious impact on my level of interest and understanding of computer science. and he's so approachable.", 'good explanations and clearly enjoys teaching the course. notes are handwritten on the board and his lectures are well organized.', 'loved the lectures, very organized and promoted students to be involved with the content. however, there was alot of material and sometimes we would only glaze through concepts that would show up in an assignment or exam in a significant way.', 'makes what could be very boring content into extremely interesting lectures. he also sets you up to suceed in e assignments.', 'very good prof. helpful during and after class, will try to make time to help you if you have an issue outside of appointment time. provides notes online and hints during class.', "great prof, take notes. very clear, great lectures. pay attention and you should do well. attend this guy's lectures he's really good."]
['he keeps lectures fun by throwing in jokes when the class starts to lose focus. he is really helpful, and easy to talk to. overall awesome prof!', 'mark is engaging and hilarious. the only problem is that sometimes he speaks too fast.', 'mark puts a lot of effort into his lectures and really cares about the students. one of the nicest most approachable profs, and is also extremely helpful.', 'very impressive on his lectures. he always explained the material very explicitly.', 'gives clear, straightforward explanations that lead students to an answer. textbook listed as "required" for course but is actually not needed. assignments and exams challenging but fair. handwriting occasionally messy enough that it can be hard to distinguish sigma (summation), epsilon (empty string) and (element-of).', 'super solid prof', "excellent, engaging prof. knows his material, is excited by it, and tries to get the students excited about it too. very approachable, and willing to explain himself to students who ask. also willing to own up to his mistakes and not punish students for them. if anyone asked me, i'd vote the school hire him full-time", 'he was engaging and funny at times. really seemed to be enthusiastic about cs.', "pretty good prof. explains things quite well, puts geek references into lectures, etc. he's really down-to-earth when you talk to him 1-on-1. my only complaint is he should talk louder. the course itself was extremely disorganized, but it would've been that way regardless of who the prof was.", 'great prof, very friendly, also very helpful outside of class. his handwriting is a little bit messy.', 'explains concepts well and makes lectures as engaging as he can. funny guy and great prof', "mark petrick definitely does his best to keep his lectures engaging and fun. i was in his third section in the day and he was still never worn out or uninterested. i would say his pace is reasonable if you have programmed before. however, i know others who hadn't said he was a bit too fast. always willing to answer questions - even during lectures!", 'mark is a great lecturer. i hope he stays at uw for a long time. really seems to care about students.', "he's a good prof with a good sense of humor", 'mark is always the first one to reply on piazza responding to student questions. he helps answer questions regarding the course as well as transferring into cs. he is an engaging instructor and truly engages students in lectures.', 'clear explanations in class with good examples of different structures to think about. maybe more examples on how to use them. gives straight forward answers. great dalek shirt!!', "amazing prof. extremelly intelligent, but does such a good job bringing the course down to an easily understandable level, that he doesn't seem too distant. very approachable after lecture for help as well as for casual conversation. has a good sense of humour.", 'prof. petrick is really nice and tries to make the course content interesting. i felt the last part of the course was rushed (p-np) and it seems all of his exams have issues (namely too difficult). i would take another class with him though if i could.', 'best prof! always willing to help after class even when not office hour.', 'great prof. makes things really clear and interesting. and very friendly.', 'well organized but hard to keep up. course could use a textbook or course notes. prof is nice, talked to him lots.', 'this is a very good prof. very interesting.', 'gives clear explanations!', "i loved attending his lectures, even in the mornings. i attended different profs sometimes with my friends to compare and he was honestly by far my favourite compared to the other prof's teaching styles. often writes on the board for clarification, which i find is very helpful. seems passionate about what he does and makes the lectures interesting.", 'he has a high level of interest towards the course, and cared a lot about his students. great prof.', 'great professor. extremely helpful!', 'laid back and pretty thorough with his explanations. addresses questions in lecture clearly. great prof. overall.', 'just read slides in lec but did lots of explaination after classs. really helpful guy but not much good at teaching, which means u should talk much to him after lecture', 'although his lectures (and the subject matter) were really boring, he is a really nice prof and tries to joke sometimes. he is really friendly and is super nice and helpful if you go to his office hours. i am not good at cs and struggled with the course, but he helped me out a lot for the final.', 'hilarious', 'love this professor. had him for both algorithms and data structures. clear, amusing and very willing to answer questions (during and after class). remembers names and is personable. course is slow, but he tends to make it bearable. he is likely better than whatever others profs are teaching your course.', "i really loved mark as a professor. he was always funny and entertaining (which is tough for an 8:30 class three days a week). i did really, really well in the class and he surprised me with a reference letter i didn't even ask for! great guy, great class, i just wish more people took it seriously.", 'good prof. tried to teach the course in a fun manner. very helpful, and willing to help out with non-class problems. responsive on discussion board, and tried his best to compensate for low quality tas. a little more time/clarity on the last part of the course (p-np stuff) would be helpful. quite a hard final (almost failed the course).', 'cool prof, always wears shorts, even when its cold out, and he is kind of boring but he covers necessary materials. his midterms are fair and he shouldnt let some students walk all over him, hes a nice guy it seems.', 'spent the most time on this course and got the lowest mark of all my courses. learned the most and wrote the most code of any other course. great course. notes are well organized if you get them all. fast paced. miss classes and your lost. not textbook or course notes. exams based on notes. sounds like others missed a lot a classes :)', "he's really funny and keeps the class interesting. kind of mumbles though and has a boring voice.", 'he reminds me of eric demaine. his lectures are exciting!', "i went to every single lecture, and thus didn't need to study much for the exams because he explained the materials very well. and he is always very patient and willing to help during office hours. his exams and assignments are fair, but you do need to work for them.", "great guy, i had him for a couple other classes. theoretical cs is not my cup of tea, but mark's explanations/analogies were good enough for me to understand (although, it would be nice to see more use of slides since his writing is a bit messy). also very helpful in oh/discussion board.", 'beware the clicker questions...', 'fair exam, nice guy. one of the more straightforward and easy to talk to profs at uw.', 'c is mind numbing [one word: pointers] and the assignments are no small task; however, this guy does a solid job of teaching you what you need, and highlighting all the common errors you will make, and how to do the troubleshooting .. very useful prof, would recommend', 'mark is an awesome prof. his lectures are clear and he is interesting to listen to. he also is very willing to help students who have difficulties with any part of the course', "tells a lot of jokes. and if you're lucky you'll get to see pictures of his dog during the lecture. very enthusiastic. makes going to class fun. keep rocking that pony tail mp", 'great prof! explains concepts well, and it very enthusiastic about the course. he has some decent jokes and occasionally roasts people on reddit at the beginning of class. attending class is mandatory; missing a lecture will make the next one hard to follow.', 'well organised. professor cracks some jokes, lots of prof quotes.', "i found the lectures for both cs135 and 136 (the only cs courses i took) to be boring, mainly because of how they just read off the slides. mark petrick seems like a nice professor and he did try to expand on some of the slides. i stopped going to lectures near the end; but he's not a bad prof at all.", 'the course content is not personalized to the teacher, and rather is taught straight from the book. petrick should do a more personalized teaching strategy, even though he is already a good teacher. more higher level concepts should of been taught.', 'great prof', 'lots examples/notes but need go to class for them. prof is very knowledgable to talk to in office hours.', 'clear explanations in class with good examples of different structures to think about. maybe more examples on how to use them. gives straight forward answers. great dalek shirt!', 'amazing prof. he explained concepts in great detail so that you were able to better understand what was actually happening. he also made himself available outside of class if you needed extra help and answered questions with great care and enthusiasm. would definitely recommend his lectures!', 'very enthusiastic, loved his lectures!', 'great professor, always available after class and very enthusiastic about the content.', 'still a kool shirt. lamers spam rates too. lots extra examples and good explain for 115.', "great prof. really friendly, very enthusiastic, and good at explaining abstract concepts. he actually managed to make an 8:30am algorithms course something that i enjoyed. very helpful in office hours, and made his assignments relatively fair. the ta's were very bad, so as compensation he bought the class pizza at the end of the year!", "course is kinda hard. his explanations are decent but not super clear. if you don't understand him too well try the tutors and see if they're better. a tricky course.", 'my favourite class of 1b. cs 136 covers a lot of useful and interesting material on c. he is pretty funny in class. he teaches very well. i never get bored for listening to him. he writes on the board to explain memory diagrams. however the diagrams are a bit messy but i can understand them. he also answers piazza questions. amazing prof.', 'solid prof overall. nothing else to really say.', 'pretty funny, says interesting things, easy to approach.', 'clear lectures. take a class with mark if you truly want to understand something. he knows his stuff really well.', 'as soon as u listen carefully,u will like hin']
['an great professor who makes his class interesting. he does great analogies and is incredibly funny.', 'gave me $10 for getting a demonstration answer on the board correct and overall awesome guy', 'the most amazing professor i have even seen', 'incredibly smart and funny prof great lectures', 'hilarious guy, always made lectures fun.', 'he is funny in the class~~ and if you have anything dont understand, you can book an appointment with him and he is so helpful with solving the questions!! plus! he is the cousin of mike tompkins!!! what else do you want!!!', 'dave is love, dave is life', "dave's awesome, his diagrams makes everything look simple and his jokes make the class interesting unlike other profs that i went to. those who don't pay attention to class tend to not like him. i would recommend going to his lectures for cs 136.", 'best prof of campus', 'amazing prof!', "probably my favourite professor i've had so far! very funny and makes cs 136 fun despite the stress to do well.", 'best cs prof you can get', "it's dave freaking tompkins. if you have the opportunity to have him as your prof fight for it. his lectures are absolutely incredible and he will make the most boring parts very enjoyable and interesting. the guy is a legend and the best teacher i ever had.", '1010 funny guy, smart guy.', "dave is such a fun guy. he cares for his students, and he loves programming. he's a great guy.", 'smart and funny , great prof!', 'best prof ever!', "i enjoyed dave tompkins' class because of how light and interesting he made the course. most of the material was covered in a clear, concise and fun way that made the learning process very engaging.", 'nice professor, interesting teaching style with clear explanation', 'good prof but went through the material quite fast. could have provided more examples other than what was in the courseware. he made up for it in the end by having two review sessions with great examples and then holding a nice review (office hours) the day before the exam. would definitely take one of his classes again.', "dave was my favorite prof out of my whole semester. if you're in a cs course with him then you're lucky!", 'dave is awesome.', 'engaging lectures, helpful during office hours, really cares about students and learning cs.', "hilarious dude, and he's really smart. oh and he's a part time dj. and did i mention he's funny as hell&#63;", 'super funny down to earth guy. god, he was so good. really knows his stuff inside out, which made concepts really easy to understand. keep doing you dave!', 'great prof))explains everything with interesting examples:)', 'there is no doubt that he is the best for cs135. take his section if possible. i am very disappointed that he is not gonna teach cs136.', 'amazing prof. funny and clear. highly recommend taking courses with him if you can.', "class was always enjoyable. he puts a lot of effort into his lectures and is very knowledgable so the concepts were explained exceptionally well. just show up to class and you'll be a ok.", "great cs professor. one legendary dave. interesting, funny, great at explaining. kinda shame that he's not teaching upper years cs course now. otherwise i would be saved.", 'we love you dave.', 'best of the best, go with dave for fun and learning', "amazing professor, always cracks jokes in class and teaches the material super well. you'll love having class with him and actually want to show up.", 'great prof. tough course. his lectures were very interesting and entertaining. he is definitely one of the best ones.', "amazing professor. gives simple examples to explain the material. uses quite a few analogies to make concepts easy to understand. he's definitely one of the best profs at the school. he's also extremely funny. would take another course from him.", "ideal prof for a subject that might be intimidating to newcomers (like me). always has an interesting analogy to explain the key concepts so you don't forget it. he is very enthusiastic and energetic. never thought i would enjoy cs lectures but i was wrong", "the best teacher i've had so far. he's interesting, really good at teaching and adds the right amount of jokes to his lectures to lighten up the mood without trying too hard.", 'he is really great! he explains things vividly and hilariously. would never forget the explanation he made on classes. go to his lectures if you can!', 'best cs prof ever !!!', 'good explanations. his jokes were strange sometimes but they did make the lectures more engaging. he highlights important concepts on the screen and draws lots of diagrams which was super helpful.', 'god of cs135. difficult course, but he tries to make it easy', 'amazing instructor. super funny, clear, with good explanations and real life comparisons. could not ask for a better prof. highly recommend taking a course with him if you get the chance.', 'fantastic prof, had amazing lectures. truly an amazing person as well. we joke that on teacher evaluations we could not fill them out since there was no radio button above excellent.', 'he is really clear during class and tries to make the subject interesting. but exams are really hard and tricky sometimes. make sure you pay attention to every detail during class because it might be asked on the exams.', 'amazing prof, really makes you love cs. his course is so interesting and you will never feel boring.', "dave's explanations are crystal clear. he is so funny and makes classes so interesting. definitely one of the best cs profs in waterloo.", "created an account to show support since this is the first time he's teaching cs350. cs350 is such a core course. he taught it clearly and in a fun atmosphere. he doesn't research os but can give concrete, real world examples and illustrations. recommend for cs350.", 'great prof', "dave is a great prof. 'nuff said. if you take cs 135 with dave it may or may not include some dank memes ;)", 'great prof!! very engaging lectures.', 'dave is a gem. funniest guy on campus', "one of the best professors i've had so far. he really puts in an effort to keep you interested and awake (even if he sometimes loses his voice). he explains everything really well in a way thats understandable for everyone. seriously, thanks for being awesome.", "he's one of the funniest profs i've ever met. teaches everything in a clear and understandable way. if you can keep up and have a good sense of humour, he's the one to learn cs135 from!", 'gives great examples, hilarious and engaging guy. you rock dave', 'great representational skills! uses funny and accurate real-life comparisons to explain concepts. constantly keeps you up-to-date where he is going with the curriculum.', 'he is hilarious yet clear on his stuff. use the piazza, it is gonna be a great help for you. if i am in cs major, i would definitely take more classes with him.', "he's got passion.", 'very entertaining prof. uses all sorts of funny examples, stories and even did some role-playing to explain the material. would have gone for him again if he taught cs116. was also helpful during office hours and is friendly and knowledgeable.', 'amazing prof. he made the class very interesting. he is very good at explaining everything. i had done programming before, but we were learning a new language, but he made it easy to do. i definitely want another course with him if possible.', 'makes the course interesting. sometimes goes too fast though, but is very friendly during his office hours.', 'funniest prof ever. makes cs classes really fun. great explanations and very very hard working.', 'his exam is so hard', 'dave tompkins is an awesome professor! he is always in a good mood and tries to keep the class invlove. even thought the project involves some headache and a lot of time the classes are fun!', 'best of the best, nothing else needed', 'amazing professor! makes you fall in love with computer science. his teaching methodology is just fabulous.', 'great prof!', 'excellent prof, highly recommend']
['the course material itself is very tough (i am sure you have heard). i have had igor for 3 courses now (246,245 and now 350), and the one thing that everyone notices is that he truly cares about his students. he is improving everyday and will continue to do so. i recommend taking any course he teaches as you will have a great time. thank you igor!', "he's easy to approach outside of class and will always answer your questions as specifically as he can. incredible guy both in the classroom and outside.", "nice slides, generally seems like a nice guy, helped us out a lot with 245 last term. unfortunately he wasn't as forthcoming with as many hints for the 251 final as he was for 245.", "bell curved every midterm and exam!!! don't have to go to his lectures as he just reads off the slides. easy class! make sure to take it with him.", 'very organized. though slides can get quite dry at times, he recognizes this and skims through less important stuff and ends the class early. overall, what a prof should be.', 'very caring about students. make the assigments mandatory. cookies. :)', 'extremely kind and helpful. had him for both cs245/cs246 and the lectures were excellent. having zero experience in programming except the prerequisites, he made cs246 a very fun and entertaining course. a must have for any course!', 'igor is the best professor ever. he cares so much about his students and really tries hard to be engaging and fun. he puts cool animal pictures in his powerpoints, especially wolves. 11/10 would recommend', "i didn't find cp102 that easy and i've spent a lot of time studying. the instructor tried really hard to make it interesting to us. i really enjoyed the videos on new technology that he showed in class. i recommend that you attend lectures or you will be lost otherwise.", 'terrific lecturer, just a rather boring course sometimes, so easy to lose focus in class. always available for contact though, extremely helpful outside of class. easy course if you use the recommended textbook', "igor's the man!! seriously, this guy is the only prof i've seen that genuinely wants to see students learn and do well. h explains things really clearly. great review sessions, too. awesome slides. very reasonable guy. the lineup for his class was ridiculous. i wish igor taught all of my courses.", "bird course. easiest i've taken so far. he makes everything clear and his slides are enough for all your studying. he always welcomes questions and answers well. if you talk to him after class he always takes time to explain everything well. great prof. one of the best at waterloo.", 'this man is truly one of the best professors at uw. funny, friendly, and extremely helpful. the fact that people were lining up to try and fit in his class for up to 45 minutes before it started speaks for itself. if you have the opportunity to take a course from him, i strongly recommend that you take the chance.', 'fantastic professor! friendly and professional, explains things really well, and often ends lectures early when he gets through all necessary content. always makes more time to help students in need and really cares about helping everyone pass. tests are fair and satisfying. great guy!', "terrific professor. if you get him as a teacher, make sure to go to class as he gives lots of hints about what's going to be on the midterm/final. explains things in detail (perhaps a little too much) but i think its good since he actually cares that we learn something. very helpful and very friendly.", 'best prof you could ever ask for. he is very engaging and genuinely cares about his students. the final was really hard but was graded pretty fairly.', "fantastic personality and a good overall lecturer. course itself is quite dry - mostly facts + procedures in how bits of a computer works. to be honest i slept through most classes and just read slides, but i still managed to get 90+ on midterm/assignments, so i suppose that says something about the quality of igor's slides and the course overall.", "i really appreciate the work he put into extra materials such as his slides. he was also great for answering people's questions, and the review session he did before the exam was helpful.", "igor is a wonderful prof. very helpful and will go out of his way to help you succeed. highly recommend taking his section of both cs245 and cs246. slides can be dry, but it's dry material. he skips through the useless bits to get to more interesting parts. huzzah for igor!", 'very clear slides and very helpful professor. his lectures are fast at times but he stops for questions often.', "excellent prof. switched to his section since i couldn't understand the other prof. he explained the material very well. wish i had him for some of the other cs course.", "prof. ivkovic is very knowledgeable and professional. one of the best courses that i've ever taken. a+", "i didn't find the course easy (superscalar mips pipeline???). but the prof really tried to help us out. and if you actually asked for help, he stayed for hours during his off. hours answering our questions.", "igor is the man, for real! very poor tas in this course since some of the marking was sad. if you don't attend his lectures then you will for sure find the course confusing and whatever, but if you simply show up to most of his lectures you will ace the course. hopefully he teaches us cs 350. =)", 'he is enthusiastic about the subject.... great presentation skills... assignments were useful but i wish they were harder...', 'one of those profs who really cares about the students!', "amazing professor. goes ridiculously far out of his way to help people. great at explaining things, perfect lectures. the man is a genius--one of the most prized professors by waterloo university, i'm sure.", 'this guy is made from pure essence of gucci.', 'excellent prof. i attend his class instead of other profes since he explains stuff more. go to his sections if you can.', 'dr. ivkovic is the nicest professor you will ever have. he knows the material really well, tries to engage students in every class, and is a great lecturer. the class itself is easy, and classes are not mandatory for good grades, but many people went for his lectures! responds to emails fast, and really cares about his students.', 'material is presented dry-ish. he tries to be a good teacher though. half of lectures were kind of useless, but course projects are interesting.', "he made this course impossible! on the first day, he said it was a complete bird course, but in reality, it's just a course about too many random facts. he made 245 easy, but 251 quite difficult.", "i don't want to be harsh on the guy - hes a nice prof, but i must say that he may be inexperienced in teaching 251 and looking back, i honestly found his offering of this course to be a bit half-baked. there were some bad/ambiguous/poorly marked questions on tests/assigns and the recommended textbook/course notes were utterly unnecessary.", 'he is a good person that helps his students with all he can. he spends extra time to help them understand the material and gives them extra materials if need to understand the course. he is an amazing prof!', 'great person', 'great prof, exams are quite straight forward compare to previous terms, he also gave hints before midterm/finals.', 'awesome proff. attend the sections he teaches. he explains stuff really well.', "this course would have been awful if it weren't for igor. he really puts his best effort into helping students and being available to those who are struggling.", 'great professor with passionate attitude to cs.', "you don't need to read the textbook just his slides are enough. go to lectures and pay attention and he will do everything possible to make sure you do really well. a great teacher always really clear in his explanations. always explains the assignments and what is required.", 'fair prof but you have to follow the textbook.', 'best prof i ever had in waterloo cs', 'a very nice professor. highly recommended to take this course with him.', 'great prof', 'probably the only professor that can make a hard course seem easy is igor. he is very helpful and his classes are very interesting. i loved his teaching and hope to have him in future cs courses!!! :)', "it was a good course and a good instructor. i actually learned stuff that i could use in my job after graduating. tough final exam, but if you study you'll do well.", 'he is so helpful; he did a good job in teaching us.his respect to his student was really exceptional. the course content was useful and the expiation was to the last drop. anyway, you may think that his exams will be easy but it is not. you have to study really really well, concentrate on slides, and make sure you understand every single slide.', 'igor is a above all a good guy. he goes out of his way to make review sessions and spends time in class reviewing the difficult assignment questions. he is completely fair and there is no reason you should not get at least a b in his courses.', 'pretty usful class; knows what hes talking about!', 'igor is extremely caring and very dedicated towards teaching. he wants every student to do well and understand his material, often making himself available for countless hours outside of lectures. his courses are well structured and organized. he provides lots of ungraded practice to ensure his students can always perform well on assessments.', 'nice guy,helps when needed and gives you a pretty good idea what the finals would be from. great prof.', "he is honestly one of the most caring profs at uw! he's always got your back - so take advantage of this!", "if igor is your prof, you're very lucky! he's honestly so caring and really wants you everyone to do well. the man even brings in coffee and timbits as a special treat for his students. he's so nice!", 'amazing prof! highly recommend him for this class. super detailed and clear.', 'awesome guy! takes the time to explain stuff many ways so that all can understand. gives real world actual exmples so that 251 theory actually made sennse. assignments were long though for the points assigned. be ready for a bunch of work if you will take the course!', 'very good professor, cares for his students. i took cs350 with him, he doesn\'t only teach the materials those don\'t change in 10 years, but he apply those theories into modern technology in his slides as well. if you are here to obtain whatever grade, i guess any "easy" prof works, but if you really want to learn stuff, i\'d definitely recommend him', "igor is a fantastic instructor. i have been fortunate enough to have him for both cs245 and cs246. he's incredibly kind, knowledgeable, and genuinely cares about the welfare of his students. igor is the reason anyone earns their logic credit this fall; without his review sessions, lecture slides, and assignment hints we cs majors would be doomed.", 'excellent professor. made a horribly developed/confusing course much clearer and easier to understand. although the course is still hard, he provides lots of supplemental material and is always there for help. he wants to see people succeed. very kind and helpful.', 'good prof', "tough course, no doubt. without this guy, i wouldn't have made it this far. if you are in cs, take it when he is teaching it.", 'introduced new material relevant to the field of software engineering. good technique. sometimes the prof goes too deep into explanations.', "so he's a pretty reasonable professor in terms of examinations and quizzes, but the lectures overall tend to be a bit bland. he basically reads off of the pre-prepared slides, but does give his own little anecdotes where he sees fit. the group project was probably the only real 'useful' thing done in class. he's worked in industry, and it shows.", "very nice and effective at teaching. covers all necessary content and doesn't waste time. he will help with assignment questions in class. he covers material at a great rate and will end class early when he feels all content has been covered, which it has.", "nice guy, really wants to help the students do well. but, his slides are unclear, ambiguous, and often wrong. he also explains things incorrectly and has to correct himself (or be corrected by a student) several times in a lecture. when the lecture's done, it's hard to remember which things were actually correct.", "the best prof i have ever met. igor is the king! he is very dedicated and really wants students to succeed. it's my great honour to meet this guy and learn from him. well-prepared lectures, office hours,more-than-helpful review sessions, many many posts on piazza... definitely take his course if you can!!!", "igor did a fantastic job with this course. his review sessions were amazingly helpful, and he was very dedicated to answering everyone's questions on piazza. great prof (and i wasn't even in his section).", 'awesome prof. the course kinda sorta breaks you but the proff really rocks. great slides, saved my butt.', "igor is one of the best cs profs at uw. i've had him for 3 courses now and he has never failed to be friendly, helpful, and an interesting lecturer. he always makes himself available to help students and answers questions clearly and concisely."]
['awesome professor is awesome', "enthusiastic, funny, clear, patient... gives lots of real-life examples, and posts very prompt newsgroup responses, too. cs 246 has a lousy reputation, but kaplan made it a blast. seriously, this guy deserves some kind of award. sign up for his class if you get the chance -- you won't regreat it.", 'best teacher ever,', 'if you have a chance to take a class with craig, do it. it will change your religious beliefs, guaranteed.', "fantastic prof! you won't want to miss a single class from him. funny and engaging. explain concepts very well.", "an amazing prof. if you can, take a course with him. he's really hilarious but still manages to be really helpful and crystal clear while explaining things. he goes out of his way to explain things better than the pre-made course slides. it was a first year course but you could tell he's very intelligent and really knows his stuff.", 'awesome lecturer. clarified concepts and kept things interesting.', "very good lecturer. his analogies are highly relevant and very helpful. he also knows his stuff: he'll often throw in some alterations to the code in the slides to make them better and explains them thoroughly. also, very funny =)", "can't believe he's not butter", 'amazing prof! presents material in an interesting and entertaining way. very approachable, and answers questions clearly.', 'great, clear', 'so good he makes me cry!', 'interesting', "craig is one of the best cs professors i've had in my 4 years at uw. the only prof that comes close is ed lank, but then kaplan is funnier (and maybe smarter too..). cs488 is one of the 'tough 3' cs courses at uw, but so long as you take it with kaplan, its a lot of fun and you'll learn quite a bit.", 'great lectures. he can always make me laugh and just amazing lectures. one of the best prof in uw', 'great prof, i wish i would get him on upper year cs courses.', 'awesome professor. lectures are clear and fairly easy to understand. he is also always availale for help.', 'best cs prof period!', 'the best prof i had seen in uw, excellent explanations and willing to help students', 'very funny prof!', 'i have taken both cs 135 and cs 488 with this prof. hands down the best cs professor in uw.', "the absolute best there is. this is some high quality instruction! entertaining and smart. made one of the 'big 3' courses fun to take! he held my interest even when teaching quaternions!", "this man is the best!! the only cross-faculty course i've ever taken turns out to have had the best prof i've ever had. he should definitely be recognized in some way. go kaplan!!", "kaplan has got to be one of the most amazing profs in all of uw. his explanations are crystal clear and his analogies actually help. his energy and enthusiasm really grabs your attention, even on days where you're having trouble staying awake. definitely recommend taking his class.", 'great professor. he could teach computer science to anyone and anything!', 'fantastic professor. he was a substitute for our cs 349 user interfaces course as a replacement for michael terry. he was very coherent, clear, and concise when speaking.', 'outstanding professor. i knew nothing about graphics, and not only did he teach well, but he made me care about it (even radiosity balancing...)', 'what do i get to say here with all the comments been said in previous posts&#63; oh, i did a ura (undergrad research assistantship) with craig. it was great learning experience, and it prepared me for cs488 to some degree. check uw.cs.ugrad at the beginning of each team to find out ura opportunities!', "amazing professor. probably the best cs teacher i've ever had. funny and explains new concepts in interesting ways that make you understand them in a somewhat different way if you already know them. prepares you for assignments and midterms/final well.", "excellent! without a doubt the best prof i've had in my undergrad. jokes around during class but still manages to teach the material perfectly. this man deserves some kind of award... excellent.", 'he is clear in explaining concepts and has great organizatio', 'very intelligent and passionate about his subject to boot. clear, organized lectures and slides posted online.', "an amazing prof. i am going to try and take a graphics course just to get him again. he knows c++ so well that it's staggering. very helpful and knowledgable. prepares well for class. if you get him you are in for a treat. (the assmts are interesting too!)", 'fantastic professor. anyone interested in computer science must take a course that he teaches. knows how to combine humour and material without wasting class time. impossible to be bored in his class or to want to miss his class. 100% satisfaction guaranteed!', 'mr kaplan always keep things interesting even though the entirety of cs116 is just reading off slides', 'this guy is very clear on the course content, very helpful', "best professor i've ever had. makes the course very interesting!", 'awesome prof! his class is so fun and he explains things so clear ! love him! love how he uses &quot;pancake&quot; as his example everyt ime!', "a really great and smart prof. one of the very few people in the world that i'd define as really smart.knows his stuff, does everything in order to teach you, is extremely funny,and his jokes are shrewd and 'designed' in a smart way lol.and he's one of the very(extremely!) few people that withstood my endless questions! thus, my best 1st year prof!", 'simply the best. best course i ever took with the best prof i ever had - a perfect combination.', 'bright and funny professors, great clarity, would not miss his lectures!', 'great prof, explained the materials well.', 'i despised cs, not because of him, but because the course was really tough for me. he helped me in office appointments for hours in the weeks leading up to the final exam. thanks to him, i aced it!', "best prof i've ever had! lectures were fascinating and insightful. i had little interest in cs before i took his class, but now i love it. really inspiring.", 'easily, one of the best cs profs. his presentation style is both engaging and funny. he knows his material and is genuinely concerned for each and every one of his students. he will reply to any and all questions posted on the newsgroup instantaneously. the midterm was fair but the final was harder.', 'as an exchange student, most of my courses have been crap, cs246 is the one exception. his fun and terrible jokes (in a good way) make it entertaining and educational!', "craig is awsome! hands down, he's my favourite undergrad professor and he has made cs488 my favourite cs course. funny like troy vasiga, but much much nicer and patient than troy during office hours. highly recommended course and teacher!", "entertaining, really willing to engage if you're into cs--stayed after class several times to discuss and clarify random theory questions, etc. enjoyed the class.", "great prof, made the class very entertaining and often expanded on material in the slides. attendance was mandatory due to clicker questions, but don't worry: you will want to go to every class!", 'best prof i ever had. convinced me to go to grad school.', 'nothing but respect for this man. he is truly passionate about computer science and you can tell in his lectures that he enjoys teaching it. craig kaplan all the way!', "very enthusiastic and animated. you won't be falling asleep in his class.", 'good prof. explained things very well. seems very passionate about cs. good luck with your research, csk!', 'best prof i have ever had in uw. very funny and very helpful at all the times.', "course ain't easy, but kaplan makes already interesting material come alive. never seriously thought about grad school till this class.", 'great prof!', 'awesome prof! he was a guest lecturer in my class but he was still very knowledgeable and interesting.', 'awesome prof, really clear and amazing organization. rockstar!']
['great lecture notes and clear explanations. very enthusiastic, sometimes a little too much. needs a haircut', 'amazing prof! i love his style of teaching. his only problem is that he is going too slow. the exams were pretty easy. assignments would be hard if not for the hints he gave.', 'great course, makes the material interesting. very organized and explained the topics clearly.', "notes are very clear. too bad he's a jerk", 'inspiring enthusiasm for the material ensures the classes attention during lectures. classes are gripped to every word. great prof! algorithms classes arent for those who wont put in alot of time though.', 'great class. assignments sometimes too easy - could benefit from bonus problems i think to stimulate those that want to be stimulated. lectures were fantastic coherent and well organized. i recommend this prof to anyone taking algorithms.', "great prof, awesome class. i'd recommend it for anyone that enjoyed cs341.", "he's smart, but seems new to teaching. give us harder stuff, we can take it!", 'enthusiastic way of teaching. makes the lectures more interesting with him using the board to teach rather than slides. good examples to teach a concept.', 'excellent professor. very well organized course, that made me feel like i learned a lot of useful ways of thinking through problems. he is immensely intelligent, and uses that to its full effect to get all material across to its students.', 'timothy is one of the best algorithms professors in the school. assignments were generally pretty fair and the midterm was a tad on the long side, but he can teach really well.', "great prof! very difficult course, but he's kept me on the edge of my seat for it.", "lectures are okay, but he's in desperate need of a haircut...", "the best prof i've ever had! very funny, passionate, nice, and made the course extremely easy ^^", "clear notes, he's kinda dorky though", 'very enthusiastic, good notes', 'explains everything very well and clearly. give challenging assignments.', 'excellent prof. had an amazing grasp on the material, and presented the most difficult concepts with the ease that only a veteran could. made the material jump out at you. i totally enjoyed algorithms because of this guy.. take algos with him if you can.', 'he teaches you how to think! great class! and use the office hours', 'great prof, super smart but not arrogant, interesting topics, clear most of the time, really helpful during office hours, patient to stupid questions. fair assignments and exams.', 'great guy, excellent notes...plus he got his phd. at 19...', 'his lectures are clear, notes and examples are easy to understand! ^^ very helpful with assignments too!', "he was the best prof i've ever had in my life!", 'great prof, great class. not for everyone but the course was arranged really well. good material, great notes, great examples. hardest written assignments ever (though they got easier throughout the term).', 'this guy is enthuasiatic. i love his enthusiasm in class and that keeps me listening and learning. his notes are all you need to study from. course itself is not overly difficult but some of the assignments were tough. i still got by ok probably because of tim.', 'outstanding prof for cs 341. he knows how to teach, keeps you listening also. the course was done very well overall, assignments returned on time etc.', 'smart prof, great notes, just a bit arrogant in a way or another', 'very enthusiastic to be teaching! does not over complicate material, gives lots of great examples and excellent notes. really liked him.', 'he is smart and funny.. i love his lectures.. plus, he got his phd at 19.', 'interesting prof, work very hard to make the material clear, another point of attending his class is to check out the guy whose hair has the highest reflectivity in uw.', 'man, this guy is funny as hell!!! cracks odd jokes at great moments and makes the class go fast. i never miss his class. unfortunatley he gives totally useless hints during his office hours.', 'clearest explanations ever!', 'much better compare to the prof of the subsequent term', 'excellent explanations and clear notes. very good pace most of the time and very well organized. assignments required some thought but were easy to do because of hints he gave in the questions. easy midterm, fair exam.', 'did a great job of teaching a boring course. was energetic, moved at a managable pace, and did a good job of keeping the class interested.', "very very tough assignments. insane lectures. exams are ok. got a lower mark than i expected (70-something, was hoping for 80+). still, i learned a lot, and chan knows what he's doing. i can say i'm an algorithmic master now", 'great prof... very funny and entertaining.. made going to lecture fun and interesting.. made algorihtms easier to understand!', 'good at teaching tough material. lectures are aimed at the average cs student rather than the top few percent, which makes it easier to follow.', 'very clear explanations. breaks down difficult proofs and algorithms into manageable bits. always uses examples to illustrate how algorithms work. i enjoyed the course despite expectations to the contrary, which were based on my cs 240 experiences.', "tim chan is the man. i would not have survived cs341 if it weren't for him.", "great prof! makes hard concepts and proofs easy to understand. even though some of my friends who took it from other profs were saying this course was hard, my friends and i who took it from him didn't find it difficult at all!", 'really good prof. clear and consise notes. saves you a lot of reading from the text. examples in class usually help with assignments. goes slow enough in class for you to grasp the material and keep up with the lecture. nerdy and much-too-enthusiatic tho.', 'you have the best f*cking hair!', 'good prof, available for help when you need it']
['super great teaching style - she always uses the blackboard to explain concepts, and she continuously repeats things to drill into your head. great at answering questions. super caring and funny!', 'great professor, helpful, knowledgeable and caring.', 'one of the best professors!', 'clear, helpful and try to simplify hard terms. i like the way she connects the subject together and gives motivation and reasoning for each topic.', "she's super nice. :)", "she makes the class seem so easy... don't worry about people who say she has an accent. she explains very well if you're willing to listen.", 'great prof. caring, amazing, and very good at teaching.', 'she seems like a great person, but unfortunately her accent does bother me a bit. on the other hand she is super helpful and energetic, which i really appreciate. wouldnt mind having her again!', "she's a very nice person, but a little bland during lectures. i found it difficult to stay focused during class. however, she really wanted the students to succeed and always offered help.", 'she is so nice! always willing to help and really cares about her students. she pushes you to think and be creative, instead of just telling you the answer. her explanations of the concepts are really clear. definitely recommend.', 'professor sakhnini made me change my mind and start enjoying cs courses. yes she has an accent, but this is true for all professors whose english is not their native language. the important part is that she knows how to teach and how to explain the content in a clear and understandable way. i wish to have her as my professor in other cs courses', 'really nice professor with humour, patience, kindness and a lot of help outside of class. strongly recommend you to take her classes.', 'great professor. teaches well. explains everything clearly. as long as you go to her lectures you will get a good mark. take her, especially for the into courses.', "very enthusiastic prof, even if she is teaching computer science. unlike some professors, she is definitely there for the students and to teach. clearly loves her job; however, the lectures are long but i believe that's the concepts fault, not hers.", 'prof. sakhnini is the best.', "pretty good teacher, she sometimes gets a bit carried away with explaining theory though which can be a bit overwhelming. however, overall she's a very good teacher though and she's always there to help. she is also very knowledgeable about the subject and loves to teach it.", 'great prof. explains everything with interesting examples and metaphore', 'best cs prof ever! she is very caring and always available after class. she is so kind and patient. never regret to take her class.', 'best professor in uw in terms of teaching skill and personality and i am certain with this. i promise you would meet many mean teacher in this nerd school, however, this one is a flawless.', 'i never thought that an instructor can make such a difference in understanding cs115, i recommend her class for every student that is struggling with cs115, just try her', 'she is a very good prof. her accent is of no problem. she edifies the course so good. i had so much problems in the cs 135, but in her class i did great, and got a 91 in mid. assignments became so easy, as i listened carefully to all her lectures. never gets pissed off for ques. replies back even at night times. so kind and good.', 'great professor, great person. everything is clear and coherent. at any time she is willing to assist students. would love to take a class with her again.', 'she is a very good professor. i recommend her.', "dr. sakhnini is a nice professor. she knows her stuff well, and is very good at explaining the concepts. although some students have problem with her accent in beginning, i wasn't among them. however, the exams were very difficult for an introductory course. furthermore, they were graded tough too. overall, i would surely recommend taking this prof", 'very nice and helpful! her accents do not affect her lecture at all. i think her explanations are more clear than many profs with north american accents.', 'does her best. helpful & energetic.', 'definitely a good prof! really helpful and her lectures are super clear!', 'sick prof. get ready to get lit in class.', "it's 8pm, saturday night, wo days before the final and she is willing to answer our questions by email. what a dedicated professor.", 'awesome professor', 'greattt! she prepared great lectures with detailed examples. very clear and highly organized. she would also send the examples used in class to students which made me only need to concentrate on the screen and not just copied it down. and the best part is that she replied email quickly and even answered qs on weekends. patient and helpful!', "she offered to skype students who needed help up until the exam. big heart, little bit of an accent, solid prof. free online textbook, which isn't even necessary, but don't buy your own textbook.", 'i love her. she is the best wish to have her for all of my courses.', "don't like her accent... she tries her best to explain things though.", 'excellent prof. she explains concepts very clearly, despite the accent. if you can focus and understand her, she is amazing. cs115 is an easy course to begin with, but attending the lectures definitely helped.', 'one of the best profs at uw. really helpful and clear explanations to the concepts. take her if you have chance.', 'great professor. turned cs246 from a killer course to a doable 80 with amazing support and good lectures. she really really cares about her students.', 'enthusiastic professor. nice person and does her best', 'her lectures are amazing and she can always keep you interested. i love her personality since she makes students feel very welcomed to come to her/ask questions. note: if u r esl, she might be a tiny bit hard to understand. her accent was okay to me but not okay to some people i know.', 'she is fantastic. she is always willing to go above and beyond to help students. incredible.', 'amazing, caring professor. she explained things in a very logical way and communicated with the class often; you would leave every lecture completely understanding the content. she clearly cared about her students, and would go above and beyond to make sure they understood everything.', "although her lectures are sometimes hard to follow, she is amazing at helping people out. she not only gives us reasons based on the course itself, but gives us reasons based on the student's mentality as well.", 'great prof. explains concepts very well and gives many examples. our section had the highest average on both midterm and finals. definitely recommend this prof.', 'she is really gooooooooooood', 'i thought she was great. she replaced my cs 115 lecturer for a lecture and she was soooo much better. she explained everything so clearly and it made me not want to quit on cs.', 'she is the best prof i have had up to date! i highly recommend her.', 'i like her teaching style', 'best prof ever. go to lectures be active.', "great prof who seems to really love what she's teaching. she explains everything clearly and gives lots of examples. the class is based mostly off the courseware notes so i recommend getting them! if you have little/no programming experience she's a great prof to have because her lectures have a really good pace and she is very approachable.", "one of the most caring profs at uw. literally begs people to come to her office hours because she wants to make sure everyone succeeds. does have an accent but it doesn't hinder the lectures at all, she teaches every lecture clearly and concisely.", 'i recommend her. she is a good professor, caring and helpful', 'she is an amazing professor. she is always looking to help students out. her teaching style is perfect and is an overall funny person.', 'an excellent teacher. does her best to make complex terms easy to understand. she tries her best to help us and she cares for our success', 'nice professor, interesting teaching style with clear explanation.']
['knows his stuff and explains it well. very helpful with questions in class and with assignments.', 'good clear lectures', "he's awsome!", "great prof, knows his stuff but the problem is the stuff is hard. even if he's a good lecturer, you usually lost somewhere because material is hard to visual at first. also, expects alot from students.", 'he is really the best prof in the university. i failed his course but because of my own fault. go to his classes and even with the hard midterm ass his course.', "i didn't like him. be prepared for overly verbose midtem and final exam questions! and his knowledge is limited. he can explain the basics of networking theory but if you want a more thorough understanding of a topic he'll serve little purpose to you.", 'excellent prof. good explanations. keeps you engaged.', 'knows his stuff, clear, helpful', 'very helpful', 'so nice!!!! explains things very clearly and cares about his students. he treats every question (even the ones that have somewhat obvious answers) seriously and always answers to the best of his ability. kind of savage on piazza but understandably so. love tim &lt;3', 'i think prof. brecht really wants his students to do well, and he actually is pretty nice. hard exams, when he says to "know everything" for the midterm, he means everything. i really couldn\'t ask for a better prof for this very difficult course.', "tim brecht's the man.", 'terrific! helpful. keeps things interesting.', 'top notch. interesting lectures. good examples. helpful in and out of class.', "i'm not actually enrolled in the class but i sit in every other day or so. i requested help for an app i'm trying to create and notified him that i'm not enrolled and he still wanted to help and is going out of his way to get me connected to other individuals who can help. a true lad and great teacher.", 'good clear explanations. good with questions. excellent.', "the tests are harder than some, but are based off a lot of the in class discussions. so if you go to class you shouldn't have too much of a problem. sometimes he mixes up terms like bits/bytes but overall he's a good prof, especially for such a core class like cs 350.", 'good lectures, interesting', 'awesome prof, always very interesting', 'excellent lectures. clear explanations. answers questions well.', "funny guy. very knowledgeable. great at explaining the concepts. he's taught this course many times, and he's good at it. i would highly recommend taking the course with brecht if you can.", 'finally a prof who can speak english! knows the material very well and keeps the class interesting with his enthusiasm.', 'interesting lectures. keeps us interested. very helpful and clear.', 'very helpful. good at answering quetions.', 'great prof, helpful to students, shows a lot of respect for students. definately take a class with him.', "great guy, very helpful. very knowlegable. expects too much from students though. course was difficult though, and the assignments weren't fun, but i blame the deparment for that!!", 'best at uw', 'really helps me to understand the stuff being teached', 'excellent, clear, interesting, lectures', 'one of the best. very helpful with assignments too.', 'good voice', 'he really made me love cs even more, his lectures were very engaging. the fact he got to know our names made class feel much more welcoming and not so scary to ask questions. he cracks a lot of jokes and makes class very enjoyable. very knowledgeable and helpful outside of class as well!', "great. very clear explanations. goes way beyond what's written in the course notes, with practical examples. good treatment of students' questions, although he sometimes makes up answers if he isn't sure. (but who cares&#63; they always make sense anyway!)", "prof. brecht is a truly caring professor. on the first day he starts off with something that no other prof does; he tells the class that he'll learn their names by the end of the term. although he ended up learning only about 3 4 names by the end, it showed that he cared for the students. coupled with this, he answered questions very thoroughly.", 'good lectures, was helpful and energetic.', 'good, interesting lectures. clear and on point.', "he is my favourite professor..i wasn't going to register his course but after attending the first lecture, i couldn't drop the course! he is talented in creating an interesting discussion that engages everyone in the class. attending his class is a real fun..also, he treats us as a father that tries to teach us sincerely without spoiling us.", "excellent prof. one of waterloo's best.", "even in a large class, he made it a mission to learn everyone's names; which is rare in profs. he's a talented and helpful prof and if you don't understand it afterwards, you should be in cs 131. uw should clone him and make him teach every cs class", 'the best tim brecht of all!', 'sometimes goes off on long tangents about curing cancer and stuff, sometimes teaches a bit above your level, but super excited about teaching and loves students', 'well, due to no fault of his, this course is just tough. especially if you have limited to no experience in c or c++. waterloo has basically stripped c/c++ and it made it a lot harder for me this term seeing as i only had basic exposure. as a professor, very nice and friendly person. explanations at beginning of term were tough but became easier', 'knows his stuff very well, but sometimes gets stuck explaining useless things to uber-nerds who ask questions which are not relevant to the course. than proceeds to hurry to finish the lecture. his midterm/exam is hard and he is a very bad marker. the semester i took it the midterm average was 52, that after a bell of 8%. very helpful though!', 'excellent prof. very helpful.', 'committed prof.', 'very clear explanations. good pace. engaging.']
['she knows her stuff. very helpful prof.', 'cool, fun and sexy too. thanks suzanne', "she is the best. i was her ta and also took her course. she is the best prof i've had at uw. treats students with respect and is very friendly and approachable. i love her teaching style -knowledgable, clear, good examples. i will be taking cs 430 with her next term. if she is teaching the course take it, you will not regret it.", 'she is a great prof. knows her subject, treats the students very well, gives fair exams. she made the course useful & interesting. i had her for cs 430 and can not wait to take her second course.', 'very nice, unclear sometimes but very helpful if you go to her a couple of days before midterms and assignment. could be a really **** if you always go to her in the last minute.', 'great prof and good course', 'i had suzanne as a prof and as an advisor. she is the most caring person & excellent prof. i finally learned about database after taking her course. she works hard teaching her courses & expects a serious work from her students.', "she's very nice and approachable. final exam is vevery long though.", "did cs 430 and 432 with her in winter '09. best prof. ever.i can bet on that!very caring and friendly, excellent teaching,great sense of humour.is always ready to help, even way outside her office hours.you see her name against a course, just enroll.you would love her and her way of teaching, guaranteed!!", 'she knows her stuff, does excellent job teaching and treats students very good. but does not take bs from anybody. really enjoyed her courses. thank you suzanne. keep up the good work.', "she's an alright prof. repeations and silly course aside", 'the course was boring although she tried to make it interesting', "she knows what she is talking about...too bad some idiot students don't!!", 'i really enjoyed her class and exceptional teaching style. take her courses if you can - you will not regret it. her lectures were 4-5:30 on fridays!!!! but i did not miss a class. very enjoyable. i learned a lot from her course.', "this is the first computer course i've taken in my life..and suzanne made the concepts very clear. although the lectures are a bit dry (how can you sit in class learning how to use a computer&#63;) she is a great prof and actually cares about the students!", "suzanne is wonderful! i normally don't do these but everyone should know how great suzanne are. it was super useful and very easy to retain. her in-class participation examples are very helpful for the exams. make sure you pick a good group for the assignment. if you need help, go to her office hours and she'll make sure you're on the right path.", 'amazing prof', 'useful course, great prof, and fair exam. she really cares about her students ? answered my email question, even on weekends. used excellent examples, related to our coop jobs, so we could relate the course material to our job experience. i?ll be taking 432 in fall & i hope she will be teaching it.', 'good professor, intersting assignments, but her midterms were difficult (fall 2002).', "knows what she's doing", 'excellent teacher and great course. i learned a lot from this course and suzanne did superb job teaching it. wish i could take more courses from her. she cares about her students.', 'cs 432 was a good course and the prof did a good job. lot of work but i learned a lot. she is very friendly and always available to help.', 'cs 430 may have been itty easier than cs 432, but prof safayeni is terrific for both courses. these courses are not too difficult if you do the assignments and read through the notes a few times. there is a lot of memory work involved, but the prof is always available for help if needed. wish she taught more cs courses!', 'took both 430 & 432 from her this term. enjoyed both courses. very useful & practical courses. just did a job interview last week & found out today i have a job as business analyst. used lot of things i learned in these 2 courses during interview. excelle prof. treated everybody nicely but did not take bs from some students who were totaly lost', "very helpful - cares about students, keeps night class interesting. few annoying students in class who ask irrelevant questions & she puts them in their place. she doesn't let those who are not interested to waste class time.helpful during office hours - of course does not repeat the whole lecture", "i took both cs 430 and 432 from suzanne this term. i had her back to back for almost 3 hours. she did a superb job in both courses. always well prepared, very enrgetic, good examples and great delivery. i don't know my marks yet, but i am confident i did well in both courses and i learned a lot from these 2 courses.", 'prof safyeni is awesome. i bugged her for help a lot outside of class, and she was always available. though i did fall asleep a few times during her lecture, i think that was due to the boring subject matter as opposed to her actual lecturing. she is a great prof, and i look forward to taking another class with her.', "the good news is that both courses are among the easiest in the math faculty (unless you want a 90). the bad news is the hardest part of the course is going to class and listening to her ramble on and on and on. also take cs 432, but don't take cs 430 'cause 432 is a lot more interesting.", "she explains course material clearly. i went for extra help and she would give me alot of hints to the ass't! nice prof!", 'i took both cs 430 and 432 with her. cs432~ she was good. cs 430~ kill me! she is a hard, hard marker and even though you explain what you did and why it may be correct, she will not agree. basically her way or the highway. other than that, she is okay. take her. nothing wow... just take it', 'good prof and helpful advisor', 'took both cs430/432. if you keep up with the work (which is not difficult), you will enjoy any term where you have her as your prof :). it also helps to be fluid with english, because she will get somewhat irritated if you are not clear (aka asian) with your communication! great prof, were the only 2 courses i actually enjoyed.', 'helpful. kind. funny. ^_^', 'great prof and very usefull course', 'she is easy!', "don't take this class unless you want to be bored with drawing silly diagrams. although she knows the material it's still insanely dull", 'excellent professor. very helpful.', "awesome prof, if you show up to every class and keep up, you will do great. she isn't easy, but i'm not buying marks, i'm buying the chance to learn, and get a degree that actually means something. if uw profs were easy, then our degrees would mean nothing. she tries hard to make a boring subject interesting, and does a good job at it."]
['great prof.', 'arnie strikes me as the type that would be an abusive **** wife-beater, but a great guy and a good cs teacher, heart of gold!', 'this was a fairly easy course, but he made it great.', 'a very accommodating and understanding professor! he is also very enthusiastic!', 'props for trying to bring enthusiasm into cs. needs to learn time management.', 'great prof who takes time to know students. i enjoyed the course thoroughly, and learned a lot.', 'a nice, down-to-earth prof. very funny, and tries to explain things to everyone', 'very helpfull.', 'great prof, really engaging and funny.', 'this guy is good.. but is last name is "dyck" (dick)', 'somewhat difficult class, even with previous programming exp. sometimes tries to give too much detail in answers, and confuses the actual answer. not much time for final project, and hard exams.', 'as', 'good exciting prof, really cares about the students', "great prof, though he likes to ask the class alot of questions (can be embarrasing if you weren't listening). make cs easy tho, our class has little to know background in programming, but got the highest midterm average!", 'nice guy.... lectures boring at times.... picks on the ppl who falls asleep', "sometimes a little over-eager. learned everyone's first names. easy course.", 'decent lecturer...seems interested about getting students to learn the material, wish he gave better review for mid terms and exams though', 'way to go, arnie!', "what's with the sweat rag", 'super nice guy, really cares about students', 'very enthuastic, very helpful with the class material', "seems very patient, but it's hard not to sleep in class...", "very nice in a dorky kind of way. he's not too bright but he's retiring, so i can't blame him.", 'he good at teaching, the class was neutral, not good or bad.', 'excellent prof i have ever had.', 'he has good intentions, but the course is too boring', "one of the most friendly, genuine and caring prof ever. perfect prof teaching beginner's programming course. in his class, if you want to do well and you work for it, it's definitely possible.", "what's a java &#63; =]", 'great prof knew everyone by name remebers if your not in class :)', 'helpful, understanding, and thorough', 'the course is easy, and arnie makes it worth bothering to attend!! he is such a nice guy! he kind of reminds me of a very happy grandpa type guy.', 'he is a very dedicated professor and one of the best for computer science course', "he's a great prof. i found the course really tough, but he was always there to help if needed. he seems to really cares about the students and knew everyone's name. cs 121 is really hard if you don't have any programming background.", 'easy mark. friendly & helpful. but run out of time easily and not clear enough.', 'first impressions were great but then the course became too boring', 'extrememly helpful to students if they wish to seek it.', 'great guy - very helpful!']
['great instructor for cs350. clearly knowing how to teach. give very nice example for clarification. always help a lot-both in and outside class.', 'lecture is ok. very helpful during the office hour.', 'excellent professor, great course!!', "i took ken's class more than ten years ago but it seemed that it just happened. his class is so clear and so well organized.what i learned from him helped me a lot for all of my jobs. ken is one of the persons that are so critical for my carrer. the longer since i left waterloo, the more i am grateful to him and his lectures.", 'best prof ever.', 'very clear, and very knowledgable. he wanted to make sure people understood -- and sometimes too much (too much class time was spent answering simple questions). thanks for a great term ken.', 'extremely clear!', "amazing professor, lectures are clear and organized. extremely helpful answering questions in and outside of class. there were times i couldn't make his office hours and he took out his own time to let me come in by appointment. always replies to emails within 24 hours. if you plan to take cs448, take it with ken salem!", "crystal lectures. very well organized course. really knows his stuff. answers all student questions inside and outside class. overall very helpful, knowledgeable prof. if you take cs448, take salem's class.. i can't see why there are so many slanderous comments here. notice all older ratings are great. seems just 1 os section decided to be trolls.", 'my best ever prof.', 'very helpful in class and outside of class. exams are fair. very worth while to attend his classes.', "if you are going to take cs350, take ken's. he is definitely the best cs350 instructor on campus.", "best prof i've ever had in uw. extremely clear. patient with students. and fair exams.", "best prof i've ever had at uw. would definitely recommend!", 'knows his stuff down to the tee, and explains well! easiest 4th year course!', "great prof! he makes everything much easier to understand, much clearer than tim in my opinion. he's also really helpful and answered all questions with detail. only downside is classes could be a little boring. but great prof overall!", 'clear and logical lectures. he should re-organize the course notes to follow the order in which he teaches topics though.', 'the best professor i have met! his lectures are enjoyable!', 'really clear lectures and covered the large amount of material very well. assignments this term were individual so workload is lower but still relatively challenging. very helpful in office hours and on discussion board. exams were very fair.', 'one of the real good guy profs in the cs dept', "really great prof. super clear lectures, makes everything make sense. better than tim brecht for os in my opinion. he doesn't yell at anyone i don't know what these people are on about. he doesn't always respond to questions if they're interrupting while he's talking but he always waits for questions between thoughts.", 'clear and consice explainations. extremely helpful when you talk to him personally. exams are fair. highly recommended.', 'my absolute favourite prof! made cs350 my most enjoyable cs course so far. his lectures are so clear and he answers questions so well. he is very enthusiastic and goes out of his way to help students. i would definitely sit in his lectures again!', "ken salem is still my favourite cs prof (os - fall 2013). super knowledgeable and very patient at answering students' program problems after class, gives very factual, useful hints on the assignments. his lecture is very coherent and organized, great use of blackboard. tries to learn students' names, very approachable. take os with him!", 'one of best cs prof ive had so far. the lectures were very clear. only negative thing is that it isnt too hard to fall asleep in the lecture.', 'he is very clear, knowledgeable,enthusiastic. one of my best profs.!', 'best cs prof. great course.', 'i am really amazed about the negative comments here. kms is one of the best profs i ever had. he really cares for students, and gives his full attention if you are having difficulties. on top of that, he really knows how to teach! i think some bitter student wrote all these negative comments.', 'extremely well-organized and makes a real effort to ensure that students understand the concepts being conveyed in the class. will go out of his way to explain ideas and does it with impeccable clarity. fast in responding to emails and discussion postings as well. tests are reasonable in difficulty and extremely fair in content coverage.go ken!', 'i attended all his 8:30 classes in winter 2005, even though those days were the coldest days of the year. he is the best prof i have ever seen in uw. :)']
['sweeeeet like candy. very understandable', 'very nice woman. pretty good teacher. very helpful if you have problems!', "while she does well at teaching the material, she reads the course notes verbatim. going to class can be helpful but it's nothing you can't teach yourself anyway. she also goes to through the material very slow which can make the lectures extremely boring.", 'naomi explains material very clearly. her assignments were very helpful, it really motivated use to understand the material without taking too much time. her exams were fair, as it is mostly conceptual, so it is not likely to make silly mistakes, but you really need to understand the material to do very well.', 'energetic and helpful lectures! easy to stay awake, even at 9:30am..', 'concise, clear, easy to understand. the best cs prof !!!', 'awesome prof! though the material was hard, she is very clear and makes it easier. i really enjoyed her teaching. extremely helpful!', "i passed, so i guess she wasn't too bad", 'energetic and helpful lectures. easy to stay awake, even at 9:30am', 'i love her lectures!', 'very knowledgable. but skipped some obvious details that are not obvious to me', 'best teacher ever for a boring computation and complexity course. can even make the dumb ppl like me understand cs. assignments really helpful. do them all.', "i'll always remember the class when she explained the pumping lemma... &quot;we want to pump the tree&quot; and &quot;we want the tree to be fully bushy&quot;... first x-rated cs course at waterloo", 'simlpy the best prof imaginable for a cs theory course... words cannot describe how wonderfully she teaches pumping lemma.', 'explains stuffs really well...', 'very nice prof. always has time to help students', 'very helpful outside class for clarification/help. assignment are sometimes long and not clear on what to do. textbook is really not organized well.', 'my favourite prof this term, extremely clear explanations and very helpful!', 'naomi is great teacher who teaches stuff very clearly and although i did not study any computer science in high school, i still got the highest mark in my whole term.', 'excellent professor. clearly understands what concepts may be difficult to grasp and explains them properly. .. hzp.', "prof. nishimura is incredibly considerate. she makes sure that students can see the board from every seat. she also pauses after every slide to answer questions. she goes over the material slowly enough so that everyone understands but not too slowly as to irritate the quick learners. overall she's an awesome prof!", 'very nice! very willing to help the students...', 'very good. extremely clear.', '...', 'she is an amazing prof! really understands the material and really cares about how the students perform. he tests, assignments, and exams were very fair. she did leave some exercises for us in class, which was a little annoying but overall, amazing at explaining and with one-on-one help. i whole-heartedly recommend her to anyone!', 'very good prof.', 'very nice person. clear and engaging', 'very knowledgable. but skipped some "obvious" details that are not obvious to me', "great prof, but teaches all content in class - the slides are useless if you don't attend lectures. the course cs234 is very abstract, so be prepared for lots of theory of programming.", 'great prof. very kind, and has the best analogies for explaining course material.', "great prof, she really cares about your understanding of the course. very clear and helpful. the material is relatively easy compared to other cs courses, however, it's not very applicable :p", 'nice teacher. nice teaching style. difficult tests/assignments!', 'great teacher. knows which area of the course the students might have difficulty with and always suggest helpful ways to deal with them. going to her lectures are very worth while.', 'very nice woman. pretty good teacher. very helpful if you have problems', 'great teacher. very clear', "very good prof, easy exams. take her course rather than her husband's!", 'excellent professor. genuine concern for students, crystal clear explanations, and challenging yet reasonable assignments that make you feel accomplished. highly recommended.', 'great lectures!!', "very lucid lectures, actualy cares about how students perform, overall a great teacher for a very atypical (but i'm not complaining!) cs course", 'nice prof', 'wonderful prof. she explains things very clearly and really wants students to understand the material. her examples were mostly from the text, but were helpfull nonetheless.', "she's the only teacher for whose lectures i woke up at 7:30am.", 'gawd, she is so hot.']
["the best prof i've ever had. his accent is cool!", "amazing prof! he's crazy, but the good kinda of crazy! i hope i have another class with him as a prof again. sooo funny!", 'a great prof! recommend going to his office hours, very helpful!', 'i was his grad student, he is a nice cool guy, everyone loves him. he now has moved to wlu.', 'extremly high teaching ability', 'very funny! love him! fair test', 'hot stuff', 'somewhat not clear, but he can teach', 'this wonderful man was my prof for cs341 and cs350. his lectures are funny, but sometimes he goes on long tangents, which can create confusion. he has a heavy russian accent ;) he is very friendly in and out of his office. he even helps students outside o', 'great and funny prof. interesting with a good sense of humor. though really hard!', 'love his accent', 'smart, insane, and russian. perfect combo!', "come to his office hours and that's when you'll se why he is the best prof", "pretty good, but he sometimes pauses mid sentence which can make things hard to follow; you get used to it though :) a bit messy with the diagrams, but it's usually because he's eager to get the idea across. sometimes incorrect, but it's difficult materia", 'excellent teacher, good work ethic, extremely clear and effective at teaching', 'a great guy. absolutely hillarous russian accent, manners, and anecdotes. somehow he still manages to cover the material. i found the class very enjoyable, although i will surely never use symbolic computation in my life again.', 'verey good prof, nice of him to bring guest speakers in', 'good lectures, great help after class too. smart guy!', 'crrazzzyyy class. likes to draw diagrams on the board, which is good.. to an extent. sometimes said incorrect things outside of class.', 'interesting lectures', 'very friendly and humourous. made the best of boring material.', 'zima is one of the best professors i had at wlu. i learned a lot from his classes. very knowledgeable and helpful professor. replies very fast to his emails and truly cares about his students. i would take as much classes as possible with him. i totally disagree with all the negative comments students posting here about such a great professors.', "he's good!"]
['this guy is solid teacher and i wish we had such good profs for every course...', 'very good class. prof has integrity and is fair. if you want to work and not skip class, this is the course to take.', 'he is an excellent professo. i really enjoy his lectures and learn a lot from him. he communicates very well and simplify the complex concepts amazingly. he is very enthusiastic about what he doing and this in turn transfer to us during class.also, he is very helpful and respond very fast to emails. i wish to take all my courses with him ;-)', "i thoroughly enjoyed this prof's enthusiasm and teaching. he knows his stuff well and is able to impart this to the students. and he really cares about the students! uw is lucky to have him teaching.", 'excellent prof! very helpful on all aspects of the course. his help on assignments and the final exam was highly appreciated. he knows his stuff well and i really liked how he related the concepts in class to actual systems.', 'excellent prof - very helpful even when you see him outside of class time', 'great prof who wants students to do well. goes through lots of examples in class which are super helpful for doing well in the assignments and especially the exam. he has great knowledge and does a good job explaining and the concepts are really useful/valuable to know.', 'good class, very useful material. prof knows systems well.', "i wasn't sure how this course would turn out but thanks to this prof, i have really enjoyed it. he teaches enthusiatically and knows his stuff, and he answers questions with ease. i like how he uses slides and the board to teach. also a nice guy to talk to.", 'this was a great course. tons of fundamentally useful material and industry relevant stuff. the prof does an amazing job with teaching it.', 'this prof definitely knows his stuff, and he presents material clearly. he answers questions well and treats questions from students with respect. he is quite a bit better than a lot of the other uw profs.', "he totally knows his stuff and teaches really well. i did not find any issues with piazza and you don't need to use piazza after the exam! very approachable. course is great if you want to learn systems! if you'd rather not come to class then take a different course.", "khuzaima knows everything about the system. you really should go to his class. you can learn a lot from him. but the assignment 3 is tough, and really depends on how your partner performs. i lose a lot on it just because my teammate hasn't finished his part. but the exam is fair.", 'fantastic prof and a great guy. be prepared to work hard and to learn.', "excellent prof. he knows the material very well and is almost always able to answer any questions directed at him. besides that, he is the most the helpful prof i've had in a long time (stayed behind an extra hour just to answer questions me and another guy had the day before the final). exams are very fair, and resulted in my highest cs mark ever.", 'clear, helpful, and cares about students - great prof overall!', 'the prof explains things clearly. he cares about the students and the class. he asks relevant questions, forcing you to think about the material. overall, good prof.', 'he really knows the material well both practice and theory. great course on systems. good guy.', 'great teacher - clear, comprehensive, knowledgable and helpful.', 'great systems course. useful material. very good lectures. he really knows his stuff.', 'he is the nicest guy i have ever met here at uw. he is dedicated to helping students out, even by entending his office hours. really like him...bothered him a lot last term...thankful...he is not responsible for the final grade, but i got fairly good grade thanks to his extensive help throughout the term(although i had no programming experience b4)', 'i maybe paid attention in class for about five minutes a session, but despite that i think the prof is solid. the textbook is excellent, the slides seemed ripped out of there except for a few sections, and the prof does a good (through not rip-roaring) job of going through them and filling in necessary little bits. course too good for his good :)', 'he is a good communicator - clear and does lots of examples on the board. he covers all of the material well in class.', 'so far, i have learnt a lot in this class - mostly because the prof is very good at explaining the concepts and i disagree completely with the previous comment. this guy is one of the best profs around...', "good prof - keeps lectures clear and communicates well. if you want to learn attend his class. thought i'd post this before the final exam so there is no bias.", "i really enjoyed this course. the prof put in a lot of time and effort to explain the more difficult concepts clearly and in detail using examples. he is a great systems thinker. if you attend his class and do the required work, you'll learn a lot.", 'great prof. crystal clear lectures. very useful course. what more can i say...', 'cs454 should have a 100% final option. assignments are useless, but the professor is ok.', "great prof who cares about students learning systems well. if you go to class, you'll see how much he cares about teaching and learning.", 'he is an expert in this area. classes are useful and exams are fair. assignments are a little bit long and useless. rpc seems to be outdated nowadays.', 'this prof was good, and he made the course interesting. he augmented the lousy text extensively, particularly in the 2nd half with good notes on the board. he was committed to teaching well: thanks for the effort! this course would have been boring otherwise...', "he is really good and really care about students. i highly recommend you to take this course. the downside of these course is that so many people copying from past terms' assignment solutions (a1 and a4) since they have not been modified for terms. but the grade distribution is unfair for those who actually went to class and learned things.", 'the assignments were all solid. i liked both the practical and theoretical focus of this course. and the prof is great - knows his stuff and does a very good job teaching it.', "khuzaima is an amazing prof - teaches well, with lots of examples and cares about the material and students learning. the few complainers (where's your integrity?) can't take the fact that the course is over so they don't need piazza or the course material anymore.", "the coding assignments are fun; there's usually a group one that takes a bit longer. the written assignments are often very vague in what they want, and you should probably right more than you think you need to. his lectures are clear and interesting but he doesn't explicitly state a lot of things, wants to realize things yourself which can be hard"]
['she is one of the best cs profs i have ever met in uw. i would definitely recommend to take her classes. amazing lectures, very clear explanations! the course is not that easy but she makes it really fun to study.', 'explains the concepts really well but only taught half of the course cuz she had a baby.', 'hot! oh my god. she is sexy! actually, i am taking this course again so i can see her. thank you.', 'very interesting teacher - she likes what she does and that really makes all the difference. she thinks up great ways to make the class understand different concepts, and the class is never boring! i wish she could teach all my cs classes!', "the best prof i've ever had!!!!", 'biedl rocks!', 'knows her stuff', "a great cs prof at waterloo. you can tell she's really passionate about her research and teaching.", 'biedl is da bomb!', 'one of the best professors at uw.', 'what a teacher!', 'graph person, love teaching', 'very good at making her lectures feel like stories that suck you in. she is clear and much much better than the other profs that teach this course.', 'she loves graph', "very enthusiastic teacher. won't put you to sleep. might go a little slow at times, but still, lec's were very clear and interesting.", "she's a great teacher and made the class really interesting", 'great prof! incredibly clear explanations and easy on the eyes too. =)', "prof. biedl goes out of her way to help her students. she's first-rate!", "really clear. she's amazing.", 'i had her as a prof before the course had been changed. the course notes were extremely well-made (best of second year courses in my opinion), and her explanations of the concepts were great. after hearing the problems many students had with other professors, i began to appreciate how gettable she made these topics. she does a great job!', 'great professor! really interesting and clear classes!', 'wonderful explainer; enthusiastic teacher. i never fall asleep in her class.', 'one of the intelligent female profs out there...', 'though the course material was tough, she made them easy to follow with her crystal clear organized lectures. probably one of the best cs profs @ uwaterloo.', 'well organized, clear speaking. this woman thinks out of the box!', 'great teacher!!', 'she is amazing!']
['one the best profs, super cool and an awesome lecturer. although he may, jump from board to board sometimes, notes are neat and legible.', 'hilarious and animated.', 'he is helpful on the newsgroup, not easy but he is fair', 'he is a boss. he is very animated and keeps your attention. he sounds like a pterodactyl and is a complete g.', "second time i've had this professor, other time was for cs136. he is great and i always learn the most from his lectures. his assignments are so structured and follow exactly from the lectures. if you have the chance take this guy.", "i liked him. funny guy, sometimes gets distracted. you learn a lot, but at the end of the course you don't really feel like you've learned anything.", "cormack is awesome. he's so enthusiastic about the course material, it's great. his phrasing is also pretty epic. fair midterm and exam. always quick to respond on piazza. he was my favorite prof this term. i really hope he teaches some upper-year courses! thanks for the amazing term, gord.", 'awsome prof!! the best for out of class help. he responds to your emails instantly and answers newsgroup questions at obscure hours of the night. his exams were fair and lecture were very interesting. however he tends to be very fast and all over the place on the board so it can be difficult to follow.', 'great prof overall', 'best cs prof i have had to date. assignments and exams were completely reasonable and fair in both this class, and when i had him for cs 136. funny guy who really shows knowledge and interest in the things he is teaching.', 'cormack has been in the industry for decades and his experience shows in his lectures - he knows the ins and outs of what he is teaching and he does a damn good job of it. definitely going to look for him in upper year courses, highly recommended.', "awesome prof! he's very well-organized, explains very clearly. also very helpful outside the lectures) makes a hard course very easy :)", 'fantastic prof. very animated lectures, though the subject may be somewhat dry to many. i swear, he camps the help/discussion boards and answers every single question with little delay! this man will make sure you do well in this class.', 'this prof is average. his class is not very interesting nor particularly dry. also, his expectation for students is not as high as other profs from cs (which means average mark is higher than a lot of profs). also the tutor helps a lot, unlike some other tutors.', 'very helpful on piazza, and overall great teacher.', 'a really nice prod, though i have never carefully listened to him. his course is extremely easy and there is a curve. it is an easy-90 course. however, prof. cormack is not familiar with reading code.', "awesome prof, very helpful, notes are a bit disorganize and messy, but that's not that important since it's the assignments that really do the teaching. he is always there to help you with assignments though.", 'the go-to prof for cs241.', 'good', "definitely knows what he's talking about. cormack may not be the most outgoing, but he's not out to get you. he gives tons of help on the newsgroup, through emails, and in class. he's definitely my favorite professor so far.", "the instructor's very clear in explaining ideas/concepts. moreover, this course is pretty well designed - that you gain practical skills/knowledge beyond regular programming.", 'really knowledgeable and helpful professor who makes course easy to learn. useful course materials and assignments help you do well on exams.', 'hilarious guy. also a genius, you should hear him give a talk on email spam filters. teaching was above-average, he was very fair and really helpful. course was relatively hard.', 'really keeps up with current developments in compiler tech; interesting and informative lectures;', 'a fun, enthusiastic lecturer. really made this course enjoyable.', 'he is very interesting! my favorite course! he is so helpful! best prof! take his class!!!!! his test are hard though...', "great prof, had a lot of enthusiasm for the course. i'd love to have him as a prof in the future.", 'extremely helpful and active on the newsgroup.', 'fantastic professor who is both inspiring for the course as well as careers in computer science in general.', "very enthusiastic, energetic lecturer. doesn't provide slides but writes good notes. helpful and answers questions well.", 'very good prof, great at explaining difficult concepts in a simpler way. would definitely recommend taking his course if you can.', 'great explanations and a wonderful speaker.', 'great prof. his lectures were very interesting and his enthusiasm towards the course content helped me also be interested in the various aspects of the course. fantastic!', "this is the computer geek's ideal prof. he's very linux biased and tends to go off on rants about things, but that's what makes the lectures survivable."]
['i took this course and had no knowledge about uml. after taking the class, i am more confident in these models and business systems analysis in general. i had two interviews and many of the questions were related to what i studied in this class. great teaching and course was extremely helpful. of course, the prof too!', "fantastic professor, very thorough and always willing to help. attending lectures aren't necessary but will help with assignments. his slides are extremely good and his lecture style is great also. would definitely recommend him for any course.", "very nice prof! his tests are solely based on lectures and slideshows. i attended every class and got a very high mark. his lectures are interesting and he makes students easy to stay focus. outside the class, he is a very kind person. i don't think he remeber/know me but he wrote a recommendation letter for me! (even with prompt response)!", 'this course helped me in my co-op interviews and i answered all of the questions related to databases. i really liked the er diagrams portion of the course (may be the most difficult topic). professor is great and teaches well.', 'i love this professor. although computer science is not my favorite subject, i passed the class and liked the topics on databases. i really liked the er modeling. great guy and very helpful. he loves what he does.', 'excellent professor, one of my best.', 'many topics covered in class but professor was very helpful in explaining concepts well. some topics appeared difficult than they really are (e.g. caching) but eyhab made it a lot of fun.', 'lectures were very helpful. i liked the examples and the clicker questions. assignments were not that easy but without them i would not have learned much, practically about computers. professor was very helpful when it comes to answering questions. thank you eyhab for this wonderful semester.', "explains concepts very well and takes the time to answer all of students' answers. i found the course very interesting and helpful. an excellent prof!", "he taught us at the laurier campusi didn't know anything about software development or javahe is patient and understanding,he will simplify abstract concepts for youhe made learning java fun and excitinghe is happy to help students and he is arguably the best computer science prof ever!", 'thank you professor eyhab for the great semester. this course helped me with my understanding of computers. great lectures and very friendly and fair in exams.', 'one of the best professors i had so far at u of waterloo. he explains material very well and gives too many examples to make sure everyone understands course material. this is my second class with eyhab. fair grader and excellent lectures.', "amazing prof and inspirational, makes the course very interesting and his explanations are very clear. he is very enthusiastic and engages students in lectures. if you do not understand something, he's available during office hours and spends the time explaining material to you in details. exams are straightforward and assignments are helpful.", 'awesome professor. i am glad that i have taken this course. after finishing this class, i believe i have a working knowledge about databases. slides are very good and i did not need the textbook at all!', 'i enjoyed taking this course, excellent prof and always cares about students, one of the best profs in cs i have had so far, recommended.', 'excellent professor. course is useful if you want to learn about databases and class material is very helpful. lectures were organized, exams were very fair as well as final exam. barely used the textbook.', 'excellent prof. lectures were well explained and exams were fair. definitely one of the best profs in uw and one of the best classes i have taken. course material helped me with courses in my major.', 'one of the best professors i have ever seen', "i don't have enough room here to say all the nice things i would like to say about professor al-masri. sincerely cares about his students and one of the best profs i've had at uwaterloo.", 'great class on databases. much of the material learned in this class is what i needed for my internship. i think class was interesting because professor made it interesting! thank you eyhab, i learned a lot in this course.', 'this is the third course that i took that was taught by doctor al masri, he taught me intro to java, mb315 or cs338 databasing and mb385 systems analysis and design. his lectures are interesting and well planned. he is always happy to help out students to understand the course material. i will definitely take courses taught by him in the future.', 'this class helped me with my interviews, many of the questions that i had on the interviews were related to sql and transaction processing. i enjoyed this class, professor teaches well and lecture notes were very helpful.', 'i like the way prof was able to apply examples in class particularly for sql. it makes the course more interesting. overall, attend classes and study for exams. i recommend taking this course.', 'very good class. dr. al-masri knows the material well and provides excellent feedback to students. highly recommended', 'took cs115 this semester and really began to like programming; eyhab is an excellent professor and does care about the lectures and students; assignments are bit hard but midterm exam was fair.', 'great professor, no doubt. take his classes and your will learn.', 'one of the best professors i had so far. exams were fair and lectures slides were very useful.', 'one of the most amazing professors i have ever had in my undergrad career. he is a professor that takes time, effort and care into all of his students and strives to make a difference. a rare professor that can truly make a difference in a course. a great teacher as well for computer science and information technology.', "eyhab's lecture is very well organized, and he explains the course material very clearly. a very good choice for cs115.", 'attend class and you will get an easy a. assignments are fair, you need to study for exams but professor gives good review sessions.', 'eyhab is terrific and knows exactly what he is talking about! he was recognized globally for his achievements. if you attend lectures, this is an easy pass.', "one of the best professors i've had so far! clear lectures and goes out of his way to help students.", 'professor is very organized and knows the material. he would take the time to make sure students understand the topics well. lecture slides are excellent. i barely had to use the book. i like the jeopardy review sessions!', 'eyhab is a great prof who is extremely caring about his students. he will do 100 examples on the same topic if his students do not understand it. his lectures can be dry at times, but i attribute that more to the course content covered. definitely would recommend him to other students, go eyhab!', 'teaches a very good course and eyhab goes the extra mile. it was fun and enjoyable course.', 'i took this course as a cs elective, i did not have any idea about databases. after finishing the course, i believe i learned so much about this area. course grading is clear; lectures are amazing, and professor wants students to succeed. great course.', 'fun and great course', 'awesome teacher, very enjoyable class. material was easy and fun compared to other cs classes i have taken. exams were easy with a few tricky questions thrown in but very fair.', 'one of the excellent profs i have taken classes for in cs so far. i took a database course and i found the course very useful in terms of content. i wish we had more assignments and less focus on exams. but overall, great class and professor.', 'prof was excellent. very helpful and explains well. the course content is somewhat extensive, but exams were fair. though, you need to study for exams. my only recommendation for the course is perhaps to have 1-2 graded assignments.', 'one of the best elective courses i have taken in cs so far']
['i love him!', 'great professor! very clear teaching style, and i find his voice somewhat relaxing. highly recommended!', 'great prof, very straight forward and helpful. totally recommend his cs245 and cs486 classes.', "he teaches well and is extremely helpful in office hours. assignments are fairly easy, but the exam requires quick thinking. the exam is also difficult to study for since, aside from the assignments, there aren't any practice problems.", "his assignments are easy and there's no midterm...but the exam is a bit hard (but they base on the assignments)...i recommend this...", "clear explanations, good coverage, reasonable assignments, fair grades. just watch for the final - it's no harder than the assignments, but you need to practice beforehand.", 'clear explanations, fair exams, good marks. take cs 486 with him.', 'the greatest professor in computer science!! truly nice person, always care about his students, he is the best!!!', 'if you are talking cs 245 with him, you are in for a treat. tonnes of useful examples covered in class make understanding material and studying for exams easy. his assignments were also very reasonable, although i felt they were bit too straightforward.', 'best prof ever. teaches ai with such ease that you would feel like its a breeze of fresh air.', 'gayest class on earth. avoid if possible. easy as hell material, but absolutely rapes you on the final. class avg going in was ~85%, coming out 68%. final was worth 50%, do the math. (avg on final was 50%).', "very easy prof. i think that the course could be harder but with the kind of assignments he gives you, it's pretty easy. explanations are clear and notes are good. midterms marks were too high so the final was killer.", "brilliant prof teaching an easy course. the course is a walk in the park, but the difficulty was unevenly distributed. he had to make the final hard to make up for the easy midterm and assignments (otherwise 87%+ class average!) i'd look for him again.", 'easy course, he goes through things at a good pace and is clear and concise.', 'his voice is soothing and he is easy to look at. brilliant prof who teaches everything you need to know for assignments and exams in his classes. attend class and focus = a passing mark. will look for him again. the dude is gold, seriously.', 'this prof looks and talks funny. he give the best summary handouts for this course. all the hard inference rules that this course cover are summarized into a few sheets which he will give you on the exam. he made this course look very easy. however, his writing is not very neat and his voice is a bit low. he forgets to turn on the mike many times.', 'very organized. teaches thoroughly. easy to follow. the material itself is easy. midterm was very easy so the final was really hard. assignments were also very easy. compared to previous 245 prof (nancy day) he is much easier.', "one of the nicest profs at uw, very concise and helpful lectures and notes, u dun never need a textbook or course notes provided u go to his lectures and take his notes. midterm was really easy and it's likely he gave the same short questions for 3 terms :-)", "regarding the last comment: how do you know the class average after the final is that low&#63; the final exam was easy in my opinion, and i ended up with the same grade i went in with. just because you were underprepared and expected the exam to be easy since the material was easy does not mean that everyone was 'raped' by the final.", 'the average class was too high so he tried to kill us on the final exam ... however, van beek is a great prof, really nice notes, very clear and concise and very helpful ! would love to take ai with him', 'favorite cs class of my undergrad career, hands down', 'relaxing and enjoyable class. one of the most fun to take.', 'great prof, really enjoyed his lecture. he made the material interesting even when it was dry', 'his handwriting is awful. he is amazing everything else. exam was very fair.', "if you do poorly in his class it is because you didn't go to class", "very clear lecturing style. his lectures were very laid-back, yet he still managed to dismiss us 5 minutes early in some lectures. midterm was easy (avg. 80%) but final was killer (i'm guessing an avg. of 50-60%). still, the end class average was probably ~70%. on a side note, he's one of the nicest and most helpful cs profs i've ever had.", 'highly recommand his cs486 course: organized material, fair amount of work and high marks. i personally think this is the best undergrad cs course in uw', 'prof speaks very clearly and writes all relevant material on the board. he is also very helpful during office hours. excellent cs 245 prof.', "take cs245 with him if you can. it will make your life so much easier. best prof i've ever had.", 'the best prof!!! the contents are classified in order with enough clear examples. the assignments are easy but each question focuses on one important topic. no midterm. the final is all based on the assignment.', "this course is radically different depending on the prof teaching it. really liked the first unit (apparently not many other people liked) on constraint programming. no midterm, fair final (based on assignments). van beek is clear, organized, and a genuinely nice person. nicest prof i've had in entire undergrad - office hour any time.", "out of all the radically different cs 245 offerings (approaches / presented material vary wildly term to term), peter van beek's is by far the best. useful material, with just the right amount of theory to back it up. fair midterm and assignments, tough final (imo), always potential to earn part-marks makes it easy to pass the course. recommended!!", "one of the best proffesors i've had. extremely interesting subjects which he teach very well. can't but recommend cs486!", 'mostly, the course is about style and semantics, following the proper proof structures. first half of course is easy; second half is a terror with the length of proofs, so the final hits a lot of people hard. prof is cheerful, energetic, fun; course is fair, even. only issues: no material respository (textbook, course notes), 8:30 class!', 'an outstanding prof who taught ai very well. note that class attendance is necessary to do well in the course so if you tend to miss classes you might have some trouble.', "he's a nice guy but i found his lectures dull and boring. midterm was fair, easy assignments (except the last one), but the final was tough.", 'course is a typically uw cs course - completely useless. van beek is good, but that course is depressing as $#&%, and it just reminds you of how pathetic uw cs has become. thanks folks.']
['explains concepts very clearly. goes at a good pace. kind of condescending, but he certainly does know the course. likes to tell funny stories in the middle of class.', "a really interesting course due to the man . very clear explanations, goes into detail about things; it's a pity the course curriculum spends so much time on datapaths and not enough on virtual memory/multiprocessors/computer history.", 'one of the funnier profs, but most down-to-earth profs; stayed up to 2:50 am before the final answering piazza posts. he will answer questions with clarity and most of all, is down-to-earth(most approachable prof).', 'amazing. naturally talented at teaching. great speaker, respectful to students.', 'awesome prof, makes a lot of hilarious remarks in class, which relieves the extreme boredom from the course material. lecture pace is very fast for a cs student with no ece background. however, does attempt to make things clear during his office hours. straight-forward assignments and easy exams (they are long, but not hard, the final w', 'very clear, very fair; highest mark so far', "enjoyable to listen to if you're interested in the material. you will sleep if you aren't. his voice doesn't move much but he will go as far as you want into the depths of topics. the exam q's were an enjoyable departure from cut and paste textbook q's", "can't complain when the marking scheme is rediculously great!", 'infinitesimally better than richard mann&#8217;s class. result? the floor is my', 'great lecturer. interesting course too :)', 'good speaker, easy exams, badly handled/hard assts', 'got my highest mark in school thanks to this prof', 'a very good, funny prof. course is very boring and confusing in the beginning', 'also interesting course by itself, prof is nice', "he's a good teacher. he is every good explaining things.", 'mann is the man, man.', 'great prof !', "creative speaker, remarkably happy at 8:30am ... maybe it's the ice cream&#63;", 'his course is one of the easiest course in cs. he purposely make even easier assignment and exams, excluding harder parts of lectures. his jokes alone makes going to class worthy.']
["lectures are quite straight forward. assignments are fair, and the midterm was just too easy. the exam, though, made up for that. 20% of it was devoted to material that was covered almost as an aside in two lectures and that wasn't either in the (comprehensive) slides or in the textbook.", 'decent lecturer. exams are a little surprising; they tend to ask problems that are unfamiliar, and large portions of the exams are based on seemingly unimportant material.', "he is a really great prof. always answers everyone's questions and is really passionate about networks. he mentions interesting stuff he knows about the concepts being studied. his english is not 100% so that is sometimes a barrier though. course is not too hard just come to lectures and pay attention.", "he's a nice guy and truly wants his students to do well.", "pure genius. i have never seen someone so intelligent communicate his knowledge in such an understandable way. brutally modest as well, he's won hand over fist awards from some of the most respected internet organizations in the world, including the ieee. btw, if you have a question...any question...he can answer it.", 'boutaba rocks!!', "you have to take a course with boutaba. he's a funny guy and teaches really well. the course material and assignments/midterms were average/easy. however he belled the midterm by 10% (he did the same for networks too i heard!). he also always gave extensions on assignments, just because we asked (we asked as a joke actually).", "he knows everything about networking extremely well! he could answer each question students ask and explain clearly! the only thing is the assignment statement is not very clear and one of the ta is marking in a super mean manner and that ta is not really willing to help at office hour. (so it's the best prof with worst ta)", 'boutaba for prez!', 'the best prof ever! very passionate about his subject(networks)', "amazing prof. his lectures were interesting, he was funny, the midterms and exams were easy/fair. he belled assignments and midterms by 10% just because a few people complained. next to larry smith and simon wood, he's one of the top profs i've had at uw.", 'very nice professor, allows you opportunity to get bonus marks, very helpful, extremely energetic, well dressed, shares practical examples from his own research, brings in real examples of wire,etc, funny guy, no need to take notes, teaches exactly what the book does', 'excellent course notes', 'talks loudly and clearly. slides are very informative. networks is not a tough course, read through the slides and you will be good. lectures are very useful and must go. he is very enthusiastic about the topic. amazing course and good professor. assignments are easy. he needs to manage time more wisely because some materials are not covered.', 'an excellent professor', "very hot prof. my only gripes are that he wasn't there for quite a few lectures. he had his ta teach when he wasn't around. he teaches very well, but his ta sucks (she was quiet and didn't keep my attention).", "great prof, clear explanation. one relatively easy cs course, and assignments won't take you a long time. midterm and final are based on the slides, straightforward.", 'very smart guy... knows his stuff... excellent prof!', 'he know very well what his job', 'prof. boutaba is really cool, this is true for most of girls!', 'he was great when he came to class, but often ended lectures early or cancelled them or got the ta to do them. only got through about 2/3 or the course.']
['one of the best profs for cs. amazing lectures. he explains things very well. midterm was tough but final was fair.', "one of the best profs i've ever had at uw. the quality of his lectures are amazing and he explains every concept fully.", "awesome prof. loves computer science, and it shows in his lectures. cares about students' learning, and likes to teach all methods (although he clearly prefers some). super entertaining lectures, and very good at explaining more complex topics. if you're at all scared about pointers, definitely take his class.", 'makes difficult concepts easier to understand. his lectures are also very interesting - be ready to take lots of notes though.', 'cs 246 with nomair was my favourite class of 2a', 'amazing prof! explains the concepts in an easy way to understand. his lectures are very interesting. would definitely recommend to attend them', 'a seriously amazing prof. very helpful, extremely clear, lectures well thought out and coherent, always helping people on piazza. address questions amazingly, and is able to give you answers that go well beyond the level of the course. this man knows everything about cs and people. you are doing yourself by selecting another prof over him. 1010', 'they hold your hand through the entire course. big portions of the assignment questions are laid out in class. going to tutorials will answer even more assignment questions. exams are short and a breeze, but some facts only mentioned in class (not covered on assignments) will show up.', 'great prof. that is all.', 'awesome professor, find no reason to skip his lecture', 'prof is very helpful. always helps student during his office hours (or make an appointment). course is not hard.', "nomair has to be one of the coolest instructors i've had. object oriented programming with him was real fun. really helpful outside of class, and cares about his students. plus, he gave out candy on halloween (and to numb the pain from our midterm grades) and even timbits later on during the semester. pretty awesome prof.", 'amazing prof! notes are handwritten and concepts are well-explained. prepares you well for exams and assignments.', 'an easy course made even easier with his incredibly detailed yet not boring explanation. very helpful outside of class. wants to "guide" the students to find the answer themselves. gives out chocolate in class for answering his questions.', "excellent lectures. he's amazing at explaining c++ concepts and does so while making the lecture entertaining. that being said, asking him questions is one of the best ways to learn in class. he will often joke about piazza, but he actually really cares about students with questions. overall a fantastic prof, do make sure to attend his lectures.", 'best cs246 prof!', 'good lectures, very wave', "i've always liked cs but i'm a very mediocre student, yet 246 has been my best and favorite course so far. lectures are great and worth going 8:30 am. nomair gives great feedback and keeps the class interesting. best prof i've had in waterloo so far, more than a prof he's a bro. 1110 would take again", "he's simply awesome!", "doesn't post slides for 246 lectures, so don't skip. but the lectures themselves are among the best i've had, and truly make you learn the material. funny guy who knows the material like the back of his hand, and also kind and very approachable if looking for extra help", 'i had nomair in spring 2017. great prof who makes heavy oop concepts very simple to understand. also is caught up with most of the spicy drama on r/uwaterloo.', "he's simply an awesome guy who clearly wants his students to succeed. go to lectures and pay attention- you'll learn a lot and ace this course with some effort of course.", 'great instructor. amazing lectures.', "favourite course i've taken thus far. nomair was crystal clear on concepts and always ready to help students when needed. the tests were quite difficult though so prepare well!", "he's insanely good and helpful. after my homework deadline extension approved", "he is literally the prof that i like the most from waterloo!!! i'm not from his session, but i go to his session all the time, coz he's so nice, he's the kind of prof that really, really, i mean really care about his student (so does alice!), even though i always bother him with my problems after class, he's always there with incredible patience!!!", "love nomair. this is the 2nd time he's teaching cs136 in his career i believe and it's a gem to have him. he goes above and beyond in lectures and is a joy to listen to. definitely went to all the lectures just because of him. 10/10 highly recommended", 'what is an a+ professor doing teaching c++? jokes aside he is just an absolute boss and has a fantastic sense of humor - a wonderful source of quotes for stuff uw profs say. his smile brightens my day. his voice is gifted - commanding and deep yet friendly with a side of a subtle accent. for once, cs lectures were actually interesting!', 'great lectures. i always liked how he extends on topics and talk and teach us interesting stuff. take his class if you can, but they are probably all gone within a second t.t', 'his a great prof.246 is a super tough course but he explains things pretty clear and makes some funny jokes one of the best profs i had throughout undergrad.', 'he is very funny and nice. cares about students and answers questions on piazza all the time. must attend his lectures for good notes. he occasionally gives handouts which are extremely useful. he explains very clearly and answers questions very well. the assignments are well designed and fun, so must do it. he gives out chocolates in class!', "best cs prof in waterloo i've ever met. teaching so well!", 'great prof. material is fairly easy to begin with, and his help will clear up everything.', "extremely good at teaching. notes are written on the blackboard and if you like that style then he's your guy."]
["the course is great and the professor is awesome. he is always available and helpful. if you study well and attend the class, you will get a good grade. i got 96 and my friend got 99. just study and try to understand the materials. if you don't pay any efforts on it, it won't pay you back!", 'great guy - talk to him out side of class - "very good"', 'his exams are long but he is very helpful and always available, replies to e-mails quickly too', 'very easy course. easiest 4th year cs course ever', 'good prof but very hard midterm/exam.', "very brutal final and midterm. very boring course and he didn't make it any more interesting. clearly explained the material, however.", 'solid prof.', "very long midterm, let's see how the final goes.", 'clear, concise, and highly organized lectures. very interesting materials for cs students who enjoy math as well.', 'excellent visual presentation, but needs work on oral presentation', 'the lectures cover many useful materials on fundamental level. once you understand the course materials, all assignments become super easy. the professor is awesome and able to explain concepts clearly. he is always available outside of class and happy to answer any questions about the course.', 'he reminds me jet li', "very good professor, kind in marking. tried his best to teach the course. when students have questions, he's willing to answer them", 'good lectures. helpful in office hour, very approachable. really expects students to study hard for midterm and final, thus tests are difficult.', 'nice guy, good prof. genuinely wants students to learn something (which sometimes means making exams tough). overall, good experience.', 'one of the best professors in numerical computation, willing to help students. a nice personal, take cs370 with him', 'nice professor, organized class notes', 'in terms of his teaching, he is a good prof for sure....however, the exams he gave are too horrible. he said the final is gonna be easier than midterm, but the fact is that it is even worse!!! his lectures and lecture notes are good though....', 'good prof explains stuff well', 'a very nice person! but the exam was way too hard...']
["she's boring and the course notes suck", 'really good and clear, good examples used in class', "barb is totally like pacey's teacher in dawsons creek", "i really liked her attitude towards life. she was happy and easy going, making class a lot easier to relax in. the class was pretty easy itself if you are familiar with computers at all. if you have no sense of humour or you don't like organized and serious profs, then you might not like her. other than that, most normal people would like her!", 'she be the best lecturer.. the material is the crap..', "she's a good prof, but too english focused - too many essay questions!!!!!!", 'very easy to understand, teaches like an english course too much', "frankly, barb's awesome. i knew most of the material going into this class (see the comment below about the student who could teach the class ;) and i still came out learning a ton of new stuff. you have to be willing to work hard, and she is a bit picky when marking, but she's friendly, approachable, reasonable, and knows the course material well.", 'a really funny teacher, makes the subject semi-tolerable. midterms and final are hard, and assignments are tedious but do them and you will be fine.', 'very good teacher, and very hot', 'fun course if u have the right ta.', 'very nice prof, though she does make the course like an english course. midterm and final are challenging, but the assignments are really tedious.', 'not sure why there are so many negative ratings for barbara, because i found her to be fair, helpful and very nice! assignments are long, but they are not hard if you pay attention in class bc she demos the things that will be important to do for assignments. she gives exam hints in class and cracks jokes in class that make you smile!', "the **** in the room isn't barb, it's the awful course - - she rocks", "i hated this class while i was doing the assignments, but overall it was good... the prof is very helpful and makes the material easy to understand... if keep up with the work you'll do well", 'from a far, nice. from close, nicer! curvy, and cheerfull,mmmm!', "not only one the most helpful and and understanding profs i ever had but also one of the most helpful and understanding people in general as well. (i know i sould sound like a loser, but i don't care - she was that good)", "barb is a great prof in and out of the class. she made the material easy to understand and was always willing to help. as long as you keep on top of the assignments you'll do fine. assignments may seem a little teadious, but are easy marks. final exam on the computer was a little tough though.", 'good job overall']
["lesley was very good in some ways, but also a little bad in others. she was really amazing at giving real world examples which made it more interesting but we always seemed to be behind the lecture slides because of it. she also did implement her own functions a lot which was nice. overall she was pretty good, she's better than other cs profs", 'one of the best profs at waterloo imo.', "from my 4 years at the university of waterloo, lesley is by far the best prof i've come across. cs350 is known to have tough material, but lesley made the course really engaging and interesting for me. her explanations were very clear and she covered the concepts very well. it's obvious her intention is for students to perform their best.", "one of the best profs i've had. makes what was otherwise an unbearable and impossibly difficult course (for me) manageable and i may finally pass this course haha. would definitely recommend for cs350 or for any course.", 'fantastic, really, really great, likely my favourite prof so far in my undergrad. extremely helpful in lectures, office hours, over email. teaches well in lectures. pretty entertaining, funny, good to listen to, and she has some pretty interesting stories. has been an undergrad at uw and taken this course before so very relatable and understanding.', 'seriously one of the best profs at uw. she made the course super interesting and really helped by being so active on piazza, doing in-class worksheets, and explains things super well.', "bless her soul! cs350 was a lot easier to stomach because of how helpful she is. i wonder why uw doesn't have more profs and lecturers like her. she is an amazing, inspirational person that genuinely cares about the students. would totally take another course with her again.", 'good prof.', "lesley is super clear, super competent, and her lectures come with the bonus of some absolutely hilarious jokes. tons of relevant experience in cs, and she's been at waterloo a really long time, so she really gets students. a++", "i would giver her a 6 out of 5 if i could!! i'd like to point out what made here one of the best cs135 professors: 0.)she is cool!! 1.)she made extra problems which were incredibly useful! 2.) it was clear, she cared! 3.)she loved teaching! her enthusiasm was evident! 4.)she related things we were learning, with real world applications!", 'great prof. clear, concise, funny and cares about students.', "i love her class, she does an amazing job in answering everyone's questions, shes super enthusiastic about the course material and its sort of infectious and really helps with getting focused in class and actually caring about what you're learning. oh and not to mention shes great with real world applications, and talks about a real world os every", "great prof. actually very knowledgeable about what she teaches. it is great when you can ask a question get the real world answer, instead of the dumbed down one for the course. is very considerate of your time and doesn't waste it. very good summaries of content posted on pizza. very active on piazza. go to class for os of the day. recommended.", "definitely one of the better profs i've had in cs, pretty clear with the material and is very lively during lecturing, you won't fall asleep at all. also a fellow geek at heart! very helpful and answers a lot of piazza questions, also lectured when her baby was almost due, we don't deserve lesley, but god do we need her.", 'awesome!! strongly recommand! she is so funny and can attract your attention all the time!!', "one of the best cs profs i've had, funny lectures, always available outside of class, very chill marker. i sometimes find it a little hard to follow her lectures because she goes really fast but overall its good.", 'lesley is an awesome lecturer! speaks clearly, keeps the class engaged by starting off the lectures with an "operating system of the day" history lesson. she\'s super helpful during office hours and great with responding to questions via email. i enjoyed the lectures so much i sat through them twice :) 10/10 would recommend lesley if you\'re able!', 'really nice prof, and interesting person. very helpful outside classes, very fast reply on piazza. i really enjoyed her lectures, she made the course much easier to understand indeed. lots of helpful extra slides posted on pizza as well.', "lesley is very funny and very likable. sometimes she gets sidetracked during lectures. you learn computer science more by doing than by explanation, but her explanations are on point. you can tell she's very knowledgeable.", 'great prof. has a great personality and works hard to help her students do well. cs 240 is a painful course with a lot of work, but everything on her end is done well.', "lesley was one of the greatest profs i've ever had! she makes class an absolute bomb with her nerd jokes. 10/10 would take 241 with her again.", 'skilled at teaching, passionate, lights up the room and keeps me awake in class. thanks lesley.', "she teaches pretty clearly but she doesn't like the language she is teaching because she thinks (like students) that it's a stupid language to use. since she has been working in big companies for some time now (at least she says that she has) she finds lot of things that she teaches in the class dumb. she randomly will tell how she burned her comp", 'the world needs to figure out how to produce more profs like her.', 'pretty funny, and informative. loud and clear, easy to approach.', "lesley is awesome. she's been studying cs at uw for a really long time, and she totally understands what it's like to be a student here. it's really obvious from her lectures how knowledgeable she is, and it seems like she cares about her students and is genuinely passionate about what she does. 11/10 would take a class with her again.", 'she gives real life examples of how things we do in class can be applied.', 'one of the better profs i have had. she really cares about you and helps you out whenever she can.']
["lap chi was one of the best cs profs i've had at uw. it really showed how much he cared that we learned. he had very good hand-written notes available online before class. he structured the content for programming and proof-style content for assignments and made sure there were bonus marks on almost everything. really enjoyed the course due to him", 'clear lectures, posts notes before the lectures which is used in the class. course material is amazing.', 'energetic and engaging. has a thorough understanding of algorithms and often asks the class for ideas to a problem before presenting the solution. found him pretty funny, but i figure the humor mostly falls on deaf ears. you can probably learn the entire course from the notes he posts, but missing any lecture would be a tragedy.', 'wonderful prof with lovely accent. difficulty for lots of programming questions.', 'the best prof an algorithms course can ever have ! the accent is a little bit hard to catch on at first, but as you go through the course you will love him. thinks about the students and helps them at any time. would fail the course to take with him again !!', 'great proof for an algorithm course!', 'best prof ever in uw', "just want to mention my difficulty rating may be due to poor performance in the prerequisite courses. lectures have a ton of useful information, some of which isn't in the notes he posts. solid proff with a good attitude.", 'great prof that teaches you a lot useful algorithms', "i believe students that attend classes liked his teaching. for those that don't attend lectures, they liked his notes. lectures are a bit dull but very clear. good piazza responses and gives assignment hints on the last day.", 'the. best. professor. at. uw. (especially for an algorithms course). such an inspiring, humble, and exceptionally talented prof. 3', 'has great clarity of thought, knows his subject really well. cs798 is a tough course to take, but he handled it well. homework questions help you to understand the course, and the ta and prof are ready to help you out with understanding the material.', "literally the best prof i have ever had for any course at the university of waterloo. he really cares about the students' success and his teaching is very clear. i would love to take another course with this wonderful man.", 'i recommend going to class instead of reading through his notes. although the notes are great, they introduced lots of concepts that are not discussed in class. good prof, love his teaching style.', 'he is an excellent prof. he is friendly and respects his students. his assignments are hard, but he is extremely helpful if you need help. the exams are hard, but the marking is fair. his notes are detailed and one of the best algorithms notes that you can find. overall i highly recommend him.', 'very enthusiastic professor!', 'one of the most amazing profs at waterloo. he is very polite and will answer your questions with patience. very enjoyable algorithms lectures and note structures.', 'great lecture notes, teaches a lot but the assignments and exams are fair. learned a a lot.', "lap chi lau is an amazing prof. he has clearly spent a lot of time preparing the lectures and determining the best way to teach the content. he doesn't waste your time in lectures so you should attend them. also very active on piazza and is willing to dive in and help if you get lost. also his assignments are actually interesting and relevant.", 'best algo prof you can get in uw.', "always here for help, answered almost each question on piazza which was explained ambiguously by students. for myself, i'm not good at algorithms, but will attend his other courses if have any chances.", 'he is an inspiration to life', 'although his accent might be tough to understand in the beginning. he goes through each topic slowly and clearly. which means that you can understand the topic being taught but at the same time it could make the classes feel long and boring. he posts his actual full lecture content in written form online so you can concentrate in class.']
['a great prof. i learned a lot and this was one of my favourite classes.', 'great prof', 'one of the best professors i have ever had', "her classes were too boring! went to fast presenting her notes... get ready for some super speed copying... doesn't explain concepts well.. not enough exams... but she know's her stuff... stay away from this class though :p", 'i totally agree!!! going to her class was like seeing the light. she put all the concepts in a way that was easy to understand.', 'learned a lot for her course. great teacher.', 'she is just the kindest prof. and she is a great lecturer. you can tell she wants her students to do well and she is willing to help when needed. was a dry course but taking her class made it more bearable!', 'had her as a sub for a week. presented material in an understandable fashion, which is a lot more than can be said for certain others. (easiness rating has nothing to do with her per se.)', 'excellent professor. the material is interesting and clearly explained, and her lectures are very engaging. the weekly assignments are short but can be a bit challenging, though not impossible.', 'a very challenging course, at times i felt outclassed. in the end i learned a lot and was glad i took cs365 over cs360', 'overall pretty good at introducing and teaching concepts in a easy to understand way. often presents interesting problems related to computational geometry (her specialty). only problem is that she tends to leave a lot of proofs as an &quot;exercise&quot; and uncompleted.', "great prof! material wasn't the easiest but she taught it well. if i had to choose to take 360/365, i will still pick to take her course.", 'she presents concepts in a logical and focused manner. i like the way she runs her lectures since they are always easy to follow and understand. however, she should follow the course notes rather than creating her own. it makes it easier to study for the course.', 'one of the best profs at cs uw', 'great prof - knows the material amazingly well, organized, clear. the only problem is that some of the assignments were nearly impossible.', 'the best. learned a lot.', "she is my favourite cs prof of all time (i had her twice)! presents material clearly and is interesting to listen to. assignments for this class were a bit rough (don't leave them till the last day, or even last 2 days), but the final was fair.", "good prof, boring material. doesn't stand out as being an amazing prof, but no complaints. course material was really easy."]
['nice guy and excellent teacher better than the 126 guy....', "genuine interest in the course. well prepared notes, just make sure you show up to class as he doesn't post them online.", 'great prof.', 'this is the best prof ever! funny and makes an interesting lecture!', 'make boring materals interesting, really funny sometimes, assignments and midterms are very easy compared to other cs theory courses. not a very exciting course.', 'great and funny', 'nice guy and pretty helpful. however he missed more than 2 weeks of lecture and it was hard to pick the course back up again.', 'very entertaining and smart prof. knows his material, but tends to make it way too easy for students. wish he gets his tenure =)', "assignments are super easy. his lecture notes are very clear and his classes are entertaining. exams are hard though... didn't end up with a high a mark as hoped.", 'nice course, with helpful handouts and example programs in matlab, i really like it', "pretty good guy, definitely knows what he's talking about. i wasn't too interested in the class and thus didn't pay attention often, but whenever i did, it was pretty well explained.", 'half boring, half interesting. really nice guy and funny at times. assignments were very straightforward and easy for the most part. he needed to quiet down people talking in class a bit more.', 'it was his first time teaching the course, and it sometimes felt like he was uncomfortable with the material. however, his explanations were mostly clear, and the problems will go away as he gains experience. really easy midterm and a really hard final.', "this course won't be offered anymore but this prof was very helpful and kind.", 'he helped me a lot and his lectures is very helpful', 'i disagree with the previous review - this prof used the first few minutes to thoughtfully focus on important aspects of each lecture. and in the end, he made very dry subject matter palatable.', 'new at this stuff, but he handled it pretty well. plus he is a teacher that focuses on learning and not on memorizing. exams are open book, which doesnt mean that they are easy. you will have fun if you stay with him in lectures and this course will be great learning experience.', 'great prof, really cares that the students understand (and i suppose the course is easy to begin with)']
['great lectures in class. if you skip his lectures, you are missing out. he is invited to many crypto conferences world wide, and not surprisingly so. he teaches with clarity and overall i think this makes him a great speaker and lecturer.', "easily the best cs prof i have ever had at waterloo (i'm in 4b). lectures are extremely clear and he makes the material really interesting. on top of that, he is fair in marking, but not too hard.", "he is an extremely good professor, who completely understands what he's talking about and knows how to word it so it's easy to understand. he answers class questions very well, and has a good sense of humor. if you can get him as your prof then do it.", 'absolutely superb prof. explains everything extremely well with a good attitude and answers all question while still keeping a good pace. perhaps the best cs135 teacher you can get.', 'nice painted toenails.', 'goldberg is a great professor with an obvious passion for cs. he is constantly cracking nerdy jokes and is good at keeping people interested and participating.', 'entertaining, keeps you interested. great explanations and examples.', 'although the class he taught me was boring (easy), at least he made it clear.', 'very knowledgable and comprehensive in his teaching. when you paid attention and understood the material prior to the beginning of the class, you were fine. however, it was very easy to tell that he taught to the upper end of the class, and left the middle and lower ends to struggle.', "he is the security guy. very funny person and relaxed lectures. he gives a lot of stories and you learn a lot more than the slides. lecture slides are clean and organized. grading is pretty tough for some reason. assignments are hard and somewhat long. exams are fair but tricky. has blog task and it's tedious to read. gotta work hard and learn alot", 'make me be interesting in cs and explain the class very clear.', "not the best prof, but good enough that you can understand what's going on if you're paying attention (it might get hard to do this). a little too fast sometimes though.", "professor goldberg is awesome! he's a brainiac-cypherpunk-wizard very enthusiastic about cs. his lectures introducing functional programming picqued my interest, and assignments and exams were fun and fair. i hope i can take another course with him in my upper years.", "entertaining guy, kinda weird sometimes...knows his stuff though. has a wikipedia page if you're interested", 'awesome prof, teaches ideas and concepts rather than minimum curriculum, so enthusiastic for cs and prepares you for exams very well (very time-consuming assignments for all sections though, some background required) overall, makes me wish i was majoring in cs', "one of the best professors i've had so far. he explains everything clearly, does excellent examples in class (even shows it in drscheme).", 'grade received: n/a']
["very good speaker, clear and concise. i love his teaching style and he's very passionate about the material.", 'interesting teacher and detailed explanation', 'i like his course, actually i cant believe that this is his first time teaching, because he seems very professional.', 'it was his first year teaching cs 115, a very chill prof, related a lot to the students, teaches well, sometimes while we answer clickers questions he gets a drink from the water fountain outside and leaves his mic on which is entertaining. overall down to earth really good prof', 'will definitely retake this class. very chill prof', 'this course made me realize that i am actually interested in cs.', 'really good and caring professor', 'overall nice experience, very chill prof. would love taking his class again', 'first time teaching, great prof, very caring and relatable. explained hard concepts very well - made them understandable.', 'the thing i like about wasif is that he is very passionate about teaching cs. moreover, he is really friendly when it comes to interacting with his students. furthermore, he takes time and gives a lot of examples while teaching the material. overall, if you are new to cs and have never written a single line of coding,wasif is the prof to look into.', "please know that wasif is an accomplished gamer (you should watch). he has casual lectures that don't take away from the material &amp; is always available to answer questions. he helps you feel better if you aren't doing well in the course.", 'amazing teacher and a great guy in general. made the material very easy to understand and broke down complex ideas step by step for the students.', 'really good prof and he cared a lot about the students education and well being! goes over a lot of examples which really helped to make the material easy to understand.', 'overall a pretty great prof, but its evident that teaching comes second to his own courses (hes a masters student) and has told us he didnt prep for the lecture because he was studying. could stand to be more professional overall', 'ez. taught students how to download ram.', 'he took this course himself in his undergrad, meaning he knew where students would struggle the most. i was able to easily understand recursion with him and the help of the isas. he was really funny and he was very casual compared to other profs i have had in the past', "great guy, cares about his students. fun lectures too, but at the same time informative. he's got a good fade too", 'forgot to turn off his mic one time when going to get some water so the whole class could hear him slurping at full volume for a solid minute. unforgettable university experience 10/10 would hear him slurp again.', 'an all around great professor!', 'he is patient, and he gives every point a clear explanation. good guy!', 'he taught us how to cannon rush on metalopolis.']
["so i am not actually taking this guy's class, i am reading his books and man they rock just like he does! probably taking the course next year and man i am excited!!!!11", "this professor is one of the pioneers in the field of cryptography. he is not too serious, but his materials are all easy to understand (by looking at the slides). personally my english is not that great so i can't really comment about his presentation in", "good and very resourceful prof. 'cares about his students even after they graduate. more jokes would cheer the students up more, but you can be very happy just by looking at him. :d", 'a bit boring, but he cares about your mark and wants you to do well. the information presented in this course varies from extremely interesting to very boring, so its not his fault all the time. overall, worthwhile course to take, and he does a fine job.', 'cs 240 probably should have been taught in first year, this course is way too easy compared to cs 136/246. prof tries his best to explain stuff that most of us already know. not sure if he did a good job explaining since we already know...', 'he is very clear. lecture notes are great.', 'give very clear lecture on algorithm. content written on blackboard helps a lot to understand the course material. know very well to instruct algorithm, and how to prove, to use these algorithm. while it is a bit boring, but i have to say algorithm itself is very serious and may not have a lot joke to talk about in class.', "his presentation style is a bit dry, and i found that he went too slowly for my tastes. i'm not sure i like the use of slides; i make clearer notes when there aren't any, but the way he teaches you can't not have the slides. that's just me though...", "decent prof. first half of course is really boring; not sure if content or prof. second half is way more interesting and requires some notes (not all of it is on the slides). if you're interested in the course it's alright to take the course with him. nothing great though.", "excellent prof, can be a bit boring at times, but that's due to the nature of the course. he presents material in a rigorous way but also consolidates understanding using concrete examples. assignments can be a bit confusing. but if you take good notes (not just review his slides), midterms and finals will be very easy.", "gives clear proofs on blackboard and expands what's on the slides. overall great prof all around, though maybe not as energetic/exciting as some people would like.", "good prof. very friendly and approachable. the slides are quite terse, but he provides lots of examples in class which makes things easier to understand. receptive of students' questions and comments. the exam can be a bit confusing, but a fair marker.", 'this is by far the most useful an interesting course i have ever taken at uw. i am a master student. i really enjoyed every single lecture. topics helped to engineer my mind in the computing security filed. prof. doug has been proactive and never ignores emails, keeps his eyes on what is going on piazz during assignment. answer all qs in the class.']
['amazing professor! has a dry humour, is always available outside of class, puts effort into bringing an interdisciplinary aspect to computer science. though the course to be somewhat slower at the beginning, he made it enjoyable and attendance was always high in class. goes above and beyond.', 'excellent prof 1 of the best for cs134. goes out of his way to help students. if you ask him anything responds in gr8 detail. makes geeky jokes but lectures are outstanding. does feedback after many lectures to improve lectures and assign,need i say more&', 'i think hes soo fukin cuteeeee.. hes a geek nerddd who lovessss computerss.. and his butt is kinda nice to stare at when u get bored', 'great prof. his lectures are entertaining for many reasons(glasses and dumb jokes). during the lectures he has great examples, and demonstrations. made the class easy.', 'he is just amazing, better than a lot other cs profs i know, he really knows his stuff.', 'hess sooo cuteee i love himmm lol and hes a great teacher', 'he is extremely helpful in office hours and he makes lectures very enjoyable and easy to understand.', 'very engaging during class. he makes the material easy to understand and is very open to questions. great prof!', "great instructor. his fly was open numerous times this term (s04). what's with his big glasses. cs sucks!", 'good use of visual examples, especially destroying a phone book to demonstrate binary search. sometimes pace of lectures too fast and he assumes too much. generally very clear with an excellent presentation style. recommended prof!', "very helpful, i understand cs so much now, i feel like i'm a micro-processor", 'contents are easy to understand', 'awesome teacher', 'paul is a great prof - always ready to teach and available outside the usual class hours. i was very unprepared for our final evaluations, but i went to his office hours and he saved me big time. glad to have had him as my cs teacher :)', "paul nijjer is honestly one of the best professors i have ever had! he is an exceptional professor and honestly, a real gem. you are so blessed if you are in his class, because he genuinely cares, he's incredibly funny and his lectures are absolutely fantastic! he is essentially what every amazing teacher and professor aspire to be!", "his explainations are very clear, and he's a funny guy. his feedback forms were annoying to fill out every other week, but you had to appreciate the effort he made into making the course better. (feedback sheets are by-weekly and he asks us to comment on his teaching style, the lectures for the week, his clarity ect..)"]
["this guy is amazing! it's extremely hard to find a prof who's good/smart, nice, clear, honest and helpful. i went to his office hours, stayed way over time, he did everything to help and more, since i had a lot of problems with programming in general, i sensed right away that he genuinely cared. easily the nicest prof i've had. rock on ondrej!", "great prof!!! i wish all profs were at the same level! however the only courses' minus is the absence of the textbook... hopefully it's gonna be fix soon :)", 'brilliant guy, very helpful, patient and easy to understand. makes challenging concepts very intuitive.', 'the most adorable prof ever... and very helpful!', 'very very good!', 'another terrible cs course - needs a textbook (or please course notes!!!) for sure. great prof however. clear and concise (as humanly possible for cs) and very helpful.', "he's the best. just come to his office hours if you don't understand. well, in class he'll give you hints about what's coming out in the exam", 'amazing prof. a genuinely caring and wonderful individual. 10/10 would want again.', "very interesting course, and he's great at explaining it. although... it can get confusing when he draws diagrams, erases things, adds things... that could use some work. otherwise, he's super helpful, answers emails, very reasonable guy. think he's taught this course for many years, so he knows what he's talking about. assignments can be tedious.", "i love him he's so nice. the final and midterm were both fair. i feel he is a bit too shy with his class. also some assignments are very hard.", 'horrible course cause no reference at all.so the only thing you need to do is attending class!however,ol is soooo smart and extremely helpful...good job', 'awesome prof, explains course content very clearly. made cs241e more fun and rewarding than the regular section.', "he is the best teacher that i've met. he's very good in teaching and also very helpful outside of his class. if you keep on going to class, you actually don't need a textbook.", 'learned a lot in his class. the more you look into the class materials, the more you find them interesting.', 'really smart and really great teacher! still my most favorite professor of all time', "one of the best and smartest profs i've known.", "he's the best teacher i've had so far. very helpful outside of class. well, we don't use the textbook but if you come to the class, you'll manage to understand what he's talking about. he gives a lot of details that will come out in the exams. so come to class", 'the smartest prof that i have ever met -- acm world finals grand prize + putnam honorable mention. cs241e by ondrej is the best course you will take in all of university. i walked out of the class being able to understand (and not memorize) every single thing that was taught by him.', "really well done teaching and well designed class, glad i'm not in cs241", 'made intro to compilers more interesting than would be in the regular section']
['excelllllleeeeeennnnntttttt professorrrrr', 'an nice prof, and hot!', "she's honestly such a great professor! i really don't understand why the other profs have more students enrolled in their sections than her for this course but honestly, her explanations are the best! she makes it so relate-able and she's simply hilarious! i wish i had taken cs 115 with her instead :$", 'great sweet and funny professor it is impossible to get less than 65 from her classes until you come prepared for every classes just perfect', 'she is really nice and caring. she writes her own notes on the board instead of reading the slides. she explains very well and gives a lot of examples. however, you may find her writing a bit messy and hard to see. she also has an accent which you might not understand at times. fell free to ask her for clarification.overall, she is an amazing prof.', 'good prof, explains things clearly. might be a bit slow, but responds to any question and engages the class.', "a prof who's ever improving in her lectures. she lectures a hard course like cs 136 pretty well.", 'very good lecturer. sometimes does clickers at the first minute of class - beware.', "olga is an amazing professor! why? because she knows how to dumb things down for her students. she uses amazing analogies, gives lots of helpful examples (even on the board too!), and she is genuinely funny. she's even better during her office hours where she'll give you even more examples! take her for beginner cs courses, you will not regret it!", 'she explains things really clearly. almost no confusion throughout the course. one of my best profs.', "lots of fun in class! never like computer science like this before! amazing prof! details explained carefully with lots of examples. u absolutely don't want to miss her :)", 'amazing prof!', 'so sweet funny and amusing professor personality it is imposible to get less than 65 from her courses until you come prepared for all the classes no confusion or any detailed are skipped by her very confident and master skilled prof just perfect', 'really sweet and nice prof. although this course is really easy, she is always prepared to answer any kind of questions during lectures. very clear and funny!', 'just perfect', 'amazing!']
['puts a lot of thoughts into teaching. really cares about feedback from the student, and always trying to make his teaching better. cs135 is a boring class, but so much respect for charlie.', 'terrific prof and lecturer. knows his stuff but is incredibly nice - people always asked stupid questions and he would always respond in a very genuine manner: "i\'m glad you brought that up! i can see why that might be confusing!"', 'if it works, you pass.', 'i did bad but he is decent', "don't forget to study your ancient sumerian art history. cuz he can ask you anything. anything. lol :p he is a great performer on stage, but once the curtains are closed he doesn't want to do anything with you.", 'superb professor! funny, helpful and very intelligent.', 'good teaching', 'his writhing is messy.', 'really great prof, so much fun in his class....but the really hard final upsets me.....', 'great guy, really gets into his lectures which makes it much easier not to fall asleep! can really communicate well and has a clear voice.', 'very funny, amazing teacher!', 'a great professor! so sad he is not going to teach us the next term', 'enthusiastic prof. knows his stuff. messy writing, could be a little more organized. keeps his students entertained.', 'you want to take his class.', "he's a hilarious teacher, so he's making the review of more basic concepts much easier to keep focused on, and is trying to avoid merely rehashing material we already know as review.", 'a genius who can foresee stuff that can be totally out of the listener scope, but he does everything possible to shed light on it. too modest to tell you that anything he says is right, but always adds "i\'m just making this up, so tell me if it is non-sense", but it never is! refuses to micro-manage and gives directions rather than exact answers.', 'good professor, all the lectures are very clear and understandable, but hes useless when you ask him questions outside of class']
['his lectures are very clear and interactive', 'bernard is very very passionate about teaching. best cs prof i have had!', 'awesome prof. made the course super interesting, knows the material very, very well. relates class material to current industry work (if that matters to you) - but in general, is very passionate about teaching, and makes classes very interesting by encouraging active participation from students.', 'awesome prof. goes out of the way to help students on assignments and exams. exams are fair. one of the best profs i have had in cs!', 'great prof. lots of readings in the course. prepares you well if you take it in your first term of grad studies.', 'excellent prof. has a good understanding of the course material and is obviously passionate about his teaching.', 'one of the best prof i have ever had in uw. he cares about students and always tries him best to help student on exams and assignments. if you take this course, definitely go to his class.', "always available to help, clear cut lectures, hilarious, good pace, awesome response to questions, always on piazza, easygoing, super nice, inspirational, fair exams, life saver. he talks pretty fast, so pay attention in class. students' god father. he made plaintough materials interesting and applicable! so far my favourite cs prof!", 'amazing, funny and very knowledgeable in his area. makes classes extremely interactive such that constantly asks many questions that are challenging and very useful for assignments. quite helpful in office hours, makes lots of review sessions in and outside class. fast speaker, but not like skips lots of contents. instead, teaches more.', "definitely one of the best profs in cs, if you are taking cs350 just go to his section with no doubt. he is super helpful and always there to help students. midterm might be a bit tricky, but he just so good that you can't resist attending his lecture (this might the only course that i didn't miss any lecture while i am studying in uw).", 'amazing lecturer. learned tons from him. perfect pace and tone for lectures. gave extra information topics covered. offered in class review and extra review sessions for assignments and exams. extremely helpful on piazza and in class. he is the perfect prof for cs 350. very funny.', "never seen a prof caring so much about student's learning. sometimes feel like he's spoiled students too much lol. my favourite prof in cs, no one of. made me love to learn cs350 and tried hard on assignments. midterm is fair if you followed the course well.", 'great guy,', 'the prof with best oral presentation. highly recommend. probably better than any other cs350 profs', 'the best prof you can ever imagine. great lecturer, lots of example and jokes. extended office hour help as long as there is still students coming in, extra post-class review if you need it. i am really appreciated that i have a prof like him for cs350. note: tough exam, but os is a tough course anyway']
['awsome prof. easy and excellent explainations!', "he's not bad. but the course itself is too boring...", 'the lectures are kind of boring, but they are understandable. he is a fairly reasonable professor. he made the midterm very hard, but he explicitly told us that he was his fault for making the midterm difficult. to compensate for that, he made the final exam very easy.', "such a great prof. i learned a lot from him. definitely knows his stuff well. i would love to take another class from him. i can't express how much i liked this prof.", 'he is a comedian. good knowledge of the course. teachesin a comprehensive manner. he was only there alternating lectures, but i enjoyed him overall.', 'a clear and well-rounded professor. he excels at his explanations - he did well at giving in-depth and insightful comments to explain course material. he gives what you learn context by drawing comparisons between the course material and material beyond the scope of the course.', "he knows what he's doing but not experienced with java. stutter a bit", "excellent prof!! the key is to pay attention since the very beginning, otherwise you're wasting your time. although i got a 60 in the class, i can't blame the prof for this. he's great at what he does, with a nice personality.", 'pretty good teacher. made things mostly clear. not terribly exciting however.', 'the man. nuff said.', "material in the first half isn't as interesting as the latter half (sound filtering, google page rank). assignments were straightforward except for the matlab which at times was confusing. open-book midterm/final. good prof, helpful outside of class, but found that his exam questions were much harder than the assignments/examples.", 'i did not find his lectures useful. it felt like most of the time was spent on just repeating details from the course notes. no in-class examples/problems and minimal proofs meant you saw little application. assignments and problems from notes helped me learn more. he does have great enthusiasm and appears to care about your learning.']
["hinek is great! i've had him for cs 136 and sat in on his 246 and 240 lectures. knowledgeable and energetic, his lectures are definitely worth attending.", "great prof, had him twice. he's super helpful although his slides are pretty horrendous. i suggest following the textbook, absolute c++ rather than the course notes, they are really hard to read.", 'yooo jayyyysssooonnn!awesome prof :)', 'i really like this prof! super helpful and nice!', 'his assignments are tough.', 'damn good prof. explains the computer logic very well.', "great prof! really knows what he's talking about.", "this course was freaking hard. i spent so much time and still only got 80. but this prof is really nice. his lectures are very on the spot disorganized but he has a real passion for algorithms. if you go to his office hours he'll do everything to help you finish (short of giving you the answers). you can email him and he replies fast too.", "his lectures are fun, and i always get something out of them even though i'm already familiar with c++ (which is what most of the course is about).", "this man's commitment to students and their learning is unparalleled. always willing to help and knows the material super well so that really improves the learning experience. he truly loves teaching and you can tell. sincerely recommended!", 'course is taught by mostly slides and occassionally does examples on the board. assignments are okay and he is really helpful with the assignments. overall good prof.', 'good prof, willing to help you if you go to his office hours. likeable guy too.']
['if you have past exams, midterms then you can do extremely well in this class. many questions are reused. go to lectures as he explains things quite well. assignments and exams are average difficultly. he makes final average around 78.', "pretty clear lectures, although the material in itself isn't terribly hard. i found it difficult to focus on him, though -- kept falling asleep. assignments are fairly straightforward, and the vast majority of midterm and exam questions are straight from previous terms.", 'good speaker, excellent organization, tries to maintain a high average for the course. very enthusiastic and knowledgable about course material.', 'asks very broad questions in lecture and expects narrow, specific answers. expect one or two of those to sting you on every test. otherwise generally good.', 'certainly talented professor but expects a lot. he told it is an introductory course but the things he expected and work he gave is too much. final is also very tough.', 'distributed system is interesting and nice to know. he made it easier to follow, and supplies good examples. strick on class size and loves his powerbook. only prof to received applauds this term of all my profs', "sometimes it's hard to concentrate and listen to his classes as they are somtimes at a very slow pace and not so interesting but remembering that it is only an introduction to databases he did a fairly well job.", 'wonderful prof. caring and highly organized.', 'he is very clear about he wants and how he will grade you. always available by email. i passed with good grades and i found him great , would love to take another course with him!!', 'his a good guy', "hint: look at the past midterms and exams. i also recommend checking the questions in the textbook. but don't count on the lecture to explain the textbook and vice versa."]
["this class is a lot of work, 50% of the final mark is group work. you will be submitting something every single week. i got a good mark and i was really interested in the field of hci but now i'm kind of turned off from it. lot of softies in this class so prepare yourself.", 'awesome! well-organized, clear, helpful, and enthusiastic. assignments take a lot of time, but they are interesting. i would definitely recommend taking any course that he teaches.', "he's a good prof who is obviously into the material and tries really hard to make it interesting. the assignments, however, take way more time than is really necessary. 20 hours on an assignment to get any credit. i almost had to sacrifice my other courses to do decently on this one.", "keeps lectures interesting, and tests are pretty straightforward as long as you go over lecture notes and pay attention in class. assignments are long but fun and not too difficult to figure out. one of the best profs i've had.", "he's brilliant, funny, and approachable!", "lively and interesting lecturer. assignments aren't particularly fun though.", "fantastic professor. genuinely cares about the success of his students and teaches in a captivating manner. brings his passion and humour into his lectures, making them extremely enjoyable without losing out on any content. the best professor i've had at university to date.", 'great prof that brings new energy to the faculty. he did i great job running the pilot version of the hci course. great presenter, enthusiastic and tries to get the students into the mindset of being innovators and entrepreneurs. i really enjoyed his class.', "great teacher. highly interactive and interesting lectures. doesn't force participation, but encourages it. shows really cool demos all the time.", 'what more can be said about michael terry other than hot prof!!!', 'he knows how to teach!!!', "best professor i've had at waterloo. he's incredibly engaging, makes lectures very enjoyable, and gets the class involved throughout every lecture. though i started out with no cs background and took cs 115/116, he's the one professor that inspired me to now take on a cs major. highly recommended if you have the opportunity!", 'anyone else find it a problem that a cs prof uses a mac&#63;&#63;', 'one of the best proffessors i have ever had. he actually gets cs students to participate, its quite extrodinary.', "excellent professor! very long assignments, but relatively easy exams - so if you do the work it's possible to get a great mark."]
["had him for cs349 and 489. both good courses, especially 489 if you're interested in ui. assignments take a fair amount of time, exams are very fair. lank and liu are the only profs i really remember from uw that did an awesome job.", "great prof. always make sure that everyone understood the content but sometimes he asks if anyone don't understand and if no one answers, he will move on. hard qizzes, ok assignments and midterms, extrim easy finals. if you go to his class you will know how to do the assignments and 'a's the exams! good luck. ps i got 100% on my final! ^_^", "very great and fun professor in class, understand student's struggle and willing to give extension.", 'i would not mind having more teachers like lank, he tries to make the material interesting with his stories. sometimes his lectures can start becoming too complicated, but he is very helpful after class. he also helps you a lot with assignments and gives you skeleton code to help you along.', 'great prof...!', 'one of the best professors i have had, extremely clear, fun class and interesting topics.', 'great prof, very chill, wants students to succeed', 'lots programming in assignments(usually, assignment 1 is about x-window programming.) fun class, fair mid-term and final. if you like graphics, design, or java, dont miss it.', 'he is a very slack and fun prof. interesting content. the assignments are very satisfying, too, once completed. definitely recommended.', "haven't finished the course yet, so can't really gauge difficulty. but judging by his lecture style, he's one of the best cs professors i've had (think troy vasiga but teaching -fun- material). keeps you interested in class, quite funny at times, and an all-around good guy.", 'good lecturer, keeps class intresting', 'one of the best cs profs i ever had. takes a real interest in the subject matter and presents it in an interesting manner to students. also really cares about the students.', 'amazing. funny. superb.']
['super cool dude! best prof n/a !!', 'fun prof, did an online exam prep session which was really nice.', 'he is very clear and funny. snarky humour and helpful. need more office hours though.', 'solid prof, answers questions well and enthusiastically. tough course in general. there should be a drinking game: -everytime he breaks his chalk', 'the pace that he teaches at is a bit fast. but only fast enough to keep you focused on the material. love the humor and sarcasm!', 'super clear at explaining things! wish he had longer office hours though. also eye candy, especially when he smiles', 'i love him', 'great actor!! loved him in &quot;falling in love again&quot; (1980).', 'i love him!!!', 'he is definitely a nice prof and good at explaining content. humorous in the class. i am falling in love with him and cs!', 'great prof, humorous lectures. much better than the other guy. s*** he says actually makes sense', 'love him', 'great prof', 'prof hackman is an amazing lecturer. he is really funny and explains things really well, often teach using his own examples and not the slides to help better understanding. he can be fast at times but he makes the class feel quite energetic. he does focus on teaching the necessary skills in computer science so it is easier to do assignments.']
['very helpful in answering questions. if a student goes with any question related to the ai topic, he makes sure that he answers it. assignments are lengthy but very helpful in understanding the topic.', "nice and clear. final is a bit tough compared with the easy assignments and midterm. great prof overall. i wouldn't mind take his course again.", 'he is the one of the best prof. that i came across at uwaterloo. he is very helpful and tries heart and soul to explain the hard materials in a very easy way.', 'good teacher. clear explanations and very helpful in responding to questions. course itself is a broad overview of various ai topics. assignments are reasonable and follow lecture content.', "he is a little dull in his lectures, and he spends way too long on the non-important stuff. however, he is an extremely nice guy, and is very helpful in his office hours. if you don't understand anything, go to him in office hours and he'll help you until you get it.", "pascal really knows his material and is dedicated to it. he's also helpful and sincere about it. he wants you to understand the material, not to jump hoops. i suspect he'd re-teach the entire course in his office hours just to make sure about that. i thought the course would be hard, but he induced the same interest he has towards it in me.", "is really concerned that students understand what he's teaching. assignments are long and hard, so are the exams, but you can really learn a lot in this course!", 'very helpful and nice. explanations are unclear sometimes (partly because the material itself is convoluted) but he will always help you understand it if you show initiative.', 'his lectures are fun to hear. relatively easy assignments and exams.', 'nice prof, but extremely hard materials. machine learning is a relatively new course in cs department. overall, worth taking it!']
['na', 'donno', 'solid prof, good grasp of the material.', "midterm was easy. so it was inevitable that he slaughtered us on the final. nice guy, but there's hardly any humour or fun in his lec.", 'he is one of my favorite profs ever!!!! he is just too nice to his students. easy assignments/exams as well! highly recommended!!!', "i'm your biggest fan.", 'great prof, knows what he is talking about, great interaction with students during classes.', 'he is really help full and does his best to help students.']
['harrigan taught us gamification techniques to help us solve three design challenges throughout the term: healthy eating, financial stability, and wellbeing. these projects were great additions to our portfolios. to complete these projects we also had to use marketing skills, ux design and research, and project management.', 'absolutely wonderful person. he is very helpful and takes a personal approach toward every single group. recommend!!', 'he taught some useful content.', 'amazing class. i liked it because it was different than my other lecture based courses. this is a very interesting course. easy to get an a if you put enough time and effort into it. prof harrigan is very helpful and he will help you as if he is a part of the group.', "although it's entitled arts, it's not actually an arts course. it's more of a cs course in game construction. great prof, enjoyable prof. so long as you put in your 10 hours of work a week for the project, you are pretty much gaurenteed an a. hope to take another class of his if possible!", 'its a fair amount of work, but if you put the time in then an 85+ is easily achievable. good prof to work with, passionate about what he does.', 'amazing class. i liked it because it was different than my other lecture based course. this is a very interesting course. easy to get an a if you put enough time and effort into it. prof harrigan is very helpful and he will help you as if he is a part of the group.', 'amazing. this was my second course with him. i wish i could take more. wonderful and fun course as you get to make a game! prof harrigan is so good.', 'good prof. i had no issues with his slides. found them helpful to use during his lectures. topics were covered fast but i feel that is more the nature of an entry level cs course. if you go see him he gives very direct and useful information to the assignments/projects.']
['good prof trying his best in a course that really needs to be reorganized.', "this guy is the king - if your taking 245, make sure he's your prof! funny, interesting (well as interesting the prof can be), and smart.", 'great professor with an awesome name. reviews lectures he taught previously to ensure concepts are nailed down before moving on. make sure to remind him that the course material only seems "easy" because he has his ph. d. already. attend his lectures.', 'he is an excellent professor. his exams are not easy by any measure, but exams are not meant to be easy. his assignments are a bit unclear, but he made every effort to clarify ambiguities. he is extremely helpful if you ask.', 'great prof, really cares about students and gives very clear lectures.', "if you're taking cs245, he's the guy. funny, knows his stuff. i was in the other section, but started going to his lectures after the midterm. it would have been a lot tougher to pass the course otherwise.", 'awesome teacher. although i had to move around, it was a pleasure to be taught by this professor. the amount of help he provided us was out of this world. also he has those teeth and that smile that i swear all my persian friends have. so i wish you the best in your future endeavours, ???? ??????? ? ?????.', 'really good prof. one of the best sections to attend for cs245 because he makes really nice slides (in latex!), teaches in a good pace, and explains each concept in detail. he takes time to answer questions in lectures and give a lot of examples. take his classes if you want to get a good grade!', 'helpful prof. savior for cs245', 'i love this prof!! the course is impossibly hard and he made sure to explain everything in detail and help all of the students. almost 50% of the attending class was from other classes just because they knew how good he was.', 'outstanding prof!', 'amazing prof! take cs245 with him. a large number of students from other sections attend his lectures.', 'amazing prof. great clarity and great atmosphere. single handedly helped me pass cs245.']
['amazing professor. the assignments are very tough but if you do them you will do well in the exams.', 'really nice prof, tbh he should be one of the best profs ive ever had in uw for cs courses. i took cs341 with him which is kinda rare, but he is very engaging during lectures and enforces &quot;group discussions&quot;, makes me think and follow along during lectures. very inspirational, however he is not very active on piazza. his lectures is really amazing!', 'simply the best upper year cs prof in waterloo', "fantastic lecturer, does a good job of engaging the class and encouraging everyone to participate. the assignments are quite hard both to offload the content he can't get to due to slower lectures and because he has high expectations, but they're really fun and you learn a lot. the most work i did in any course at uw.", 'small class challenging problems but generous marks incredible, engaging lectures best class i had at waterloo by far.', 'amazing lectures. will take this prof whenever possible.', 'great prof! very friendly and really helpful!', 'amazing lecturer, interesting content. he liked to make us work in groups during class to solve problems which was really cool. assignments are hard but rewarding and there are a lot of bonus problems. learned some really cool stuff like pcp theorem and hardness of approximation, randomized algorithms, lowerbound techniques etc.', 'eric was one of the most phenomenal profs i have ever had. he made the course interesting and challenging, but taught you everything you needed to know to make it possible. expect to spend lots of time on your homework, but know that all of the work you do will greatly help you on your exams.', "best cs class i've taken in waterloo. amazingly clear lectures, but beware that problem sets may contain open problems!"]
["he's a good professor. his lectures occasionally have a few jokes and the cats are adorable. what sells me as a student of his is that he holds office hours 3-4 times a week and he is incredibly helpful there. well done!", 'great prof. very helpful and understanding.', "only my first semester, but still, this guy is one of my favourite instructors! he's slightly awkward, but all in all that helps things because it makes him seem more approachable. i went to his office hours and told him i was taking the advanced class the next semester, he lent me one of his books to help get me ready. great guy!", "one of the best prof's i had at the university, he does he personal notes, and in my opinion, it is the best thing a prof can do, rather than reading off slides.", "excellent overall prof. funny guy and very good at teaching concepts. cs is pretty hard but he makes it easier. very good at explaining during officer hours. only issues i had was that he didn't show up twice during lectures, and cancelled office hours (he holds 3) without posting on the cs website that he wasn't coming.", 'he was definitely an awesome prof, making the course so much interesting and fun. i decided to go into cs after taking the course with him, and i thank him for having been a great instructor.', 'terry lectured through some very tricky computer science concepts with exceptional clarity and comprehensiveness. his lectures were always organized and his board diagrams were really effective at communicating difficult concepts. attend his sections if you have the opportunity.', 'terry was my favourite prof! he was friendly, approachable, & awkward in a comedic way. he held lots of office hours & was eager to help. i loved his love for cats and how he would bring up cats in some way in almost every lecture. his lectures & notes were clear with lots of examples. terry was a great guy with memorable quirks. he will be missed!', "i believe terry is a new professor but it didn't feel like it. cs was a difficult subject but he was an awesome prof and was super clear, didn't read off the handouts when teaching, and was very helpful. his cat jokes are also funny :p i'd love to have him as a cs prof again.", "terry is extremely dedicated and it shows. his teaching is very effective and he makes the theory very clear. the classes are very well structured and his notes are incredibly helpful. he holds a lot of office hours and is very helpful in them! it's a shame that the university is losing him because he got a job at google(but great for him!)", 'fantastic prof, really cared about helping his students succeed. the cats were entertaining.', "unfortunately, not a professor anymore... the best math teacher i've had, and out of all the university instructors i've had so far, he's been by far the best. i wouldn't have succeeded in first year calculus if not for this man. amazing talent for teaching!"]
["alice is just awesome, she can literally remember everyone's name. and she does care about her students!", 'amazing prof with a great personality. the assignments were amazing and coding heavy. but thats what you want in an ai course. had to work really hard but it was worth it. weekly quizes kept me accountable. some of the lecture notes could be better organized though.', 'she is super helpful outside of lecture. she prepared a lot of extra materials outside of class and her class is interesting! a caring and patient professor.', "she's a great prof and you can tell she really wants her students to do well. she goes out of her way (such as printing handouts) for her students rather than solely relying on slides.", 'her explanations make it easy to understand the concepts. she is really nice and always willing to help. definitely recommend.', 'good prof.', 'alice is a super great prof! her lecture style is very different from most profs (lots of interaction, gives out candy, prints out worksheets). her explanations are clear and she prepares you really well for exams. definitely recommend :)', "gives weekly quizzes, but they're worth 1% each, mainly to keep you studying on a regular basis and not cramming everything at the last moment. lectures are very well explained, and she will review topics with students if the quizzes show that a lot of the students are struggling with said topic.", 'alice is a great prof - she explains concepts well and always answers student questions. although cs was my lowest grade, she made the course seem doable and motivated me to work hard. she has many students during her office hours but always makes time for everyone. all in all, solid prof.', "loved her class, even though i hated the course, if that says anything. she used slides + handwritten notes that were always posted online after. caring, engaging and knowledgable prof. i really admire her efforts in trying to improve as a lecturer and also to motivate students. hope to have her as a prof again. she's goals tbh", "prof gao is really good at explaining concepts simply. she puts emphasis in ensuring student's success. her lectures have: pre-lecture review, post-lecture review, in-depth explanations of clicker questions and positive atmosphere. she can make you feel cs 136 is easier than it can be."]
['one of my all-time favourite professors. prof makes a sincere effort to get students involved in class, is very knowledgeable, and balances theory with examples very effectively.', 'best teacher for cs 245. gives % percent bonus and easy exams(relative to other cs 245 prof)', 'great prof! very coherent teaching style, much better than other cs245 profs. gave out 6-7% bonus opportunities. hard exams, particularly the final. passed the course with a good mark, despite feeling pretty bad about the final. cheers to omer!', 'very nice and easy on midterm and final!', "omer is a really good professor and is also a a great person. i would say he's the best prof i've ever had in university. he genuinely cares if we learn and also genuinely wants us to succeed and you don't see a lot of that generally. i would recommend you take any class he's teaching.", 'all around great professor. strong knowledge of the material and clear and interesting lectures. the assignments and exams were all very fair.', "omer writes difficult tests, but prepares his students well for them. sometimes a bit mumbly and unclear, but if you lean in and pay attention it's obvious he knows his stuff.", "nice guy, and fairly decent prof, but doesn't always explain things all that clearly. also classes were kind of boring. gives away lots of easy bonus marks though.", 'great prof, he gave out a lot of bonus marks. pretty helpful fortnightly assignments that were never too difficult. strongly recommend!', 'good prof.', "he is a great prof! he makes the lecture very clear and fun. the quizzes and exams are not hard if you attend the lectures and do the assignment by yourself. beg loves multiple choice questions~~! he sends the bonus marks on note taking. i'd like to take another cs course with him in the future if possible!"]
['he is a good professor and helpful outside class. his assignment is not heavy and exam is similar to his sample exam.', "his explanation is clear and his lecture notes and handout are helpful and sufficient. also his lectures don't have clicker marks or in class quiz. the assignment is a bit hard if you don't use python before but still doable. the final exam and midterm are fair and class average is good.", "one of the best cs professor i've met. lecture is not heavy and not hard to follow. he prints all related materials and do some &quot;games&quot; in his class. but some people may think he can add more materials in his lecture", 'very very good prof.', 'great prof. his notations are a bit off at times, and lecture notes can be hard to understand. but material is interesting.', "one of the best professor i've met. engaging lectures, clear notes and prompt feedbacks to questions.", "explained things very well. posted all examples onto the website. assignments were interesting even if sort of hard to start if you have no background. at the end of the day, you'll be proud of what you've done through the assignments. definitely not a tough grader. very nice guy. love you jesse :)", 'i found the lectures interesting. exams and assignments were not too difficult if you paid attention in class or read through the lecture notes carefully.', 'super nice guy!']
["if you want candy, come to his classes! any time you have good questions or good answers for difficult questions you can get free candies! pretty nice professor! a little bit accent but still cute. he also tries to remember students' names(although sometimes heard wrongly). if you take cs116, his course if good!", 'probably one of the greatest teachers/professors i have ever had. professor hajyasien is awesome!! great guy, very passionate about his job. wants to help. likes creativity. highly recommend!!', 'he is super easy-going, please take his courses if you can!!!', "very nice man. approachable outside of class, and tries his best to help you and make you succeed. 10/10 would take again (but i don't have to)", 'great prof. few assignment are pretty tough and could be a pain to do, but you learn a lot and the material is interesting.', "great teacher, he is so passionate about his subject! i have learned a lot in his class, and it really isn't hard as long as you take notes and actually work hard on the assignments and attend all classes. he gives lots of help during office hours. if you do all the work and try hard then you will have no problem getting very good grade."]
['new prof - always smiling in class, learned a lot', 'awesome lecturer, super nice, very clear', "he's pretty awesome!! engaging lectures, extremely understanding, and fun to talk to. get to know him, he's a great guy :) attend all the lectures and take notes.", 'great prof. made 8:30 lectures fun! also very helpful and understanding of silly mistakes.', "great teacher, he is funny but doesn't get too off topic. learned a lot in this course (each lecture is 1.5h long, with an average of 6 pages worth of notes -- 3 pages double sided)", 'very good lectures and very very nice and engaging!', "he is the best! he has incredible and in depth knowledge about human computer interaction, and he is extremely available outside of class. he loves to talk and explain whatever is unclear. i would say his classes aren't easy, especially cs246, but if you put time into the course, then you can get an easy 90+. i got a 95% for final mark.", 'super nice, goes over everything clearly. would recommend.', 'very good prof! very clear and enthusiastic lectures and just such a positive person. made a hard class easier.']
['very good teacher, clear and thorough, answers questions well.', "don't make me to go into attack mode...", "have to say this teacher rocks... at least i dont' fall asleep in his class", 'he is amazing', "the best course i've taken in my two years here, and probably the best prof i'll ever have. i completely enjoyed going to class.", 'great teacher that really wants to help his students to do good in the class', 'was very helpful and explained what he did if people needed more help. always tried to engage the lecture hall. need to know how to problem solve, but no prior programming knowledge in necessary. need clicker.', "pretty much does all the teaching for you. textbook is a guideline but with him as your prof, you don't really need anything else. overall great prof. tricky course but his teaching style is fantastic.", 'really helpful prof, super clear explanations and encourages participation and loads of questions. recommend everyone to take his class.', 'one of my favorite profs. he clearly explains every topic and always gives everyone opportunities to ask questions. assignments, exams were all fair and you can do really well in the class by keeping up with his lectures and the assignments. great prof', 'good prof overall.his lectures are easy to understand and his thoughts are clear to follow.very patient. great prof =]', 'i like his online notes.', 'crystal clear.', 'very smart prof! great lecturer! understands your questions very quick! just amazing!', 'awesome prof. explains everything very well, labs are ridiculously easy, and even if you have no programming experience (like me) this is one of the easiest courses you will ever take, so long as you put the time in.', 'great prof, alot of examples and his teaching is very clear and easy. he tends to be quite helpful throughout the course and encourages questions and discussion in class.', 'so good! great at explaining things, packs his lectures with information and makes students follow along always taking questions. also answered questions on the online course platform very quickly. (this was an in-person course with piazza and coursera)', 'extremely helpful. open to students coming by his office and answering question', "ok, i had paul carter for apsc160 and he was a fantastic prof! real gem of a guy, it's the course itself that is really challenging especially if you have never coded before. really do your best to keep up, do all the pre labs and worksheets and screencasts and bitfits and maybe you'll be fine.", "he teaches fast but clear. lecture and labs are a little bit intense but as long you catch up with the course you're ok.... dr. carter is great! very helpful - in the class and office hours... best prof. eveeeeeeeeeer!", "i didn't know jack**** about java (or any other language) b4 going to his class. but he was crytal clear in his lectures and quite helpful (albeit a little intimidating at first), but i still wound up with an a =d", "cpsc 210 itself was a bit of a disappointment, but paul is the best instructor i've had in my life. the majority of the computer science department at ubc is wonderful, but i don't think it gets much better than paul, his explanations are crystal clear and he's better at answering questions than anyone i've seen. i very highly recommend him.", 'he genuinely cares about his students and encourages many questions in class. his lectures are never boring and he clearly knows a lot about what he does.', "not much to say except that paul carter is a fantastic prof and you shouldn't miss the chance to learn from him.", 'good prof', 'he is one of the best prof! =)', "the best prof i've had in first year engineering by a landslide and he's a comp sci teacher! i wish he taught every class", 'clear and comprehensive speaker. his authority is immediately recognized in class. he explains everything to the smallest detail and maximizes the learning possibilities for his students', 'lovely accent', 'my favourite first year prof', "good professor. but.. he basically goes through problems that are already posted online (with solutions). organized slides, everything's cool. the course however, is brutal. stay on top of everything or else you're doomed. don't dig yourself into a hole...", "best first year prof that i have. all you have to do is print out his notes and make sure you pay attention (and fill out the notes)! he's very helpful and has a lovely accent. definitely one of the best prof's on campus.", "hands down, best prof i've had at ubc in 3 years. he made it a bit difficult, but i think he'll ease up as he gains experience.", 'great prof. highly recommended.', "like what everyone said, great prof! but the course is just too demanding: assignments, labs, 2 midterms, and final. his assignments and exams aren't easy afterall.", 'in 3 years at university, best prof ive ever had', 'really clear lecturer and great at explaining tough information. if you ask a question he will give you a thoughtful answer. excellent prof.', "he is a good prof, but it's just the course that's brutal..... i don't suggest to take cpsc 210, unless it's your requirement, but, for sure, take paul's other courses.", 'good prof! although his assignments/exams are quite hard, just put some effort into them, you will get a good mark! :)', 'he knows too much! lol', "very helpful, makes things easy to understand. only reason people would find him as rude is that he doesn't tolerate people talking while he's talking, which is a good thing. best prof i've had so far.", "great prof. very organized and interesting lectures. this is the send time i took one of his classes. he's gotten harder since then, but he's still awesome", "paul carter is a good instructor. his teaching & explantion is fast, precise, and clear. however, beware that he is so strict and extremely greedy in terms of grades. that is the only thing i dislike about him. given an extremely difficult final, he (likely) didn't even scale at all, which ruined your gpa.", 'explains concepts very well. offers to look at your code if you need personal help.', "best prof i've had at ubc so far. very efficent when teaching. has very good control of the class. overall is well organized. definately recommend being in his class if you have a course that he teaches", 'a really good prof, really helpful. listen to him every class because if you do not, you will be lost. he is very helpful too. he is just a great prof in general.', 'paul is one of those teachers whos ability to simplify complex material makes this challenging course manageable. the course is jam pact with assignments, midterms and labs which are extremely time consuming. you will learn a ton and i highly recomend this teacher.', "this professor is awesome. i really like him. he's fanastic at what's he doing.", "anyone who's initials are what he teaches (pc) has gotta be a good prof", 'he is probably the best professor i will ever have. he has a very effective teaching style, crystal-clear screencasts, and good humour :) also, love his accent! very sad to find out that he only teaches first 8 weeks of this course :(', "note: you don't have to worry about his &quot;easiness&quot; rating. last year, both sections/profs had same labs, midterms, and final. so u don't have a choice", 'take his course... do it', "a solid professor. lectures are generally enthusiastic. it's an easy a+ if you know how to code and you stay on track. however, it is time-consuming, especially the project. do not skip the lectures. if you miss a lecture, catching up on the material is difficult, since there's no textbook and the readings contain insufficient examples.", "you really need to know how to do the assignments or have someone teach you or else you're pretty much dead. it's like a language, you have to learn the language in order to achieve in this course. but the prof is really approachable and he tries to help.", 'paul carter teaches the material for 211 in a very clear manner with plenty of supporting material referenced in the textbook and elsewhere. the class is highly java-centric, which is a flaw imho, but not the fault of the professor. there were only four assignments and they were all easy; i would have appreciated more. i would recommend this prof.', "this guy knows how to teach. probably one of the clearest instructors i've ever had. everything is crystal clear, his explanations and examples are brilliant. also he is available for help, to aid through the learning. i like this teacher", "wow... best prof/instructor i've met for a long time (^_^)", "marking was very tough and i didn't enjoy the lectures very much.", 'came into the class with no background knowledge and he taught the course so clearly. great prof.', "very organized,anwers students' mail fairly quickly!he has this boyish charm which makes the class all the more fun!cpsc 111 is more fun because of him~he's doing almost all the work for both sections so that's why it's recommand that you go for his class", "carter's a cool englishman who has great teaching techniques. his teaching style is special and it worked very well for me. his screen casts and work sheets were really helpful.", 'people!', 'best!', "he's the best prof!!! he's engaging and very patient, if you have questions, just email him or ask after class, he's totally receptive.", "i've never thought i'd like programming until now. awesome prof!", "'folks, i still have 2 minutes!'", 'offers high quality teaching of exceptional standards', 'excellent prof, one of my favourites in first year. the fact that i managed an a+ without any previous programming experience speaks volumes of how well of a job he does teaching the course material', 'great professor. i entered the class with basically no interest in programming and left finding it interesting. the course workload is reasonable and i literally have not had to use the textbook at all. paul carter is very good at explaining things and is always willing to help if you have questions.', 'great prof (helpful and instructive), but unforunately cpsc 111 is hard not matter which prof u have.', "people i've got 4 minutes here !", 'very good instructor.', 'honestly, if every engineering class were taught the way paul carter taught apsc 160, then engineering would be so much easier. honestly, ubc needs more professors like him.', 'everyone i know loves paul carter. lectures can be dull, but very helpful since he goes over practice problems. he explains material so clearly and has a lovely accent.', "amazing screen casts. the best prof. i've ever came across!", 'people, hush, i still got 3 minutes! otherwise a great teacher in all aspects', 'one of my favourite profs for this term.', "great prof. gives useful advice during office hrs. uber flexible. i failed both midterms miserably and passed the course with an above class avg mark. totally couldn't have done it without his help and encouragement. thank you sooo much dr. carter!", 'prof carter is very clear about everything ( his students know clearly what to do and what to expect all the time ). his screencasts capture the most important points. his exercises and labs are helpful and exams are fair. overall, prof carter is an amazing professor !', 'super nice guy! always asks if you have questions and makes sure you understand the material. the course itself was not bad, try not to leave your project to the last minute. assignments are very easy, midterms and final are fair (just study major concepts). i absolutely hated 110 and did not want to take 210, but paul made it enjoyable.', "dr.carter's notes are very organized and helpful. he is a very nice guy and helps students as much as he can. however, his exams are not that easy. ps projects are not easy too. he is still my favorite cs prof. dr. carter is recommended.~~~~", "dr. carter is definitely one of the best teacher i've ever had. his lecturing skill is so good that the 12 diciples would have abandoned jesus and become computer scientists. i would pay twice the money to just get in his class. so happy to be his student that my tears are coming down as i rite this", "the best prof i've ever met, holding 2 phd degree, both math and cpsc. well organized. and willing to help student. for the midterm or final, man, you are 3rd year student, you should know how to deal with it.", "he's the greatest prof i've ever seen! i have never had a teacher that explains things so well like him. kind of sad that he only teaches us for the first part of the courses. now i almost fall asleep in class with the second prof who teaches the second part of the course.", "paul carter is awesome. i wish every prof were like him. his teaching style is somewhat unique and works extremely well. everyone i know loves him. he's a legend.", "best computer science prof. totally clear and knows his material so well. the only question is why can't all profs be like him&#63;!", 'awesome teacher! makes me want to do comp sci.', 'excellent prof, material presented clearly, hard and tricky exams', 'paul puts together organized and clear notes, and is helpful outside and inside class. however, his nature is to begin each interaction as a confronation. most questions that do not involve clarifying class material are met with a &quot;why should i let you do that&quot; kind of approach. this is not to say he unreasonable; he is reasonable and logical.', "his screencasts are exactly what you need to understand the course. as long as you regularly watch and understand them, you can learn the class without actually going to class. that's how great they are! his assessments (labs and quizzes) are as straightforward as you can get in terms of applying the subject matter. nice and simple.", "a rare find these days, a teacher that actually cares about how the students are doing and about their learning. he is always available for help and is always willing to help you, he actually wants you to do well in the course, his method of teaching is somewhat unique where there are no lectures but it's extremely effective aposed to traditional.", "lots of profs are smart, but paul not only knows his stuff but he's super easy to understand and just a great educator overall. you can tell he really cares, which is nice too. he also has a really soothing voice.", 'paul carter rocks my world. his 30 minute screencasts (watched at home) explain basics. in-class problems expose you to more advanced problems, prepare you for labs+exams. warning: clicker questions pretty much eliminate sleepers/skippers. (in 8 am classes, very important!) overall, apsc 160 was a very enjoyable course.', "paul is an amazing lecturer. he always let's students preread the subject of the day which helps them warm up, then he lectures, then always gives time for questions and/or discussions. he is also not afraid to enforce classroom expectations if a student is being disruptive.", 'awesome professor. very friendly and helpful if you ask him questions, and very knowledgeable. fantastic!', 'one of my best profs in 1st year engineering', "truly a great prof. he is smart, organised, sincere, makes a strong effort in the class to maintain order and get a clear message across (even though the material is obscure). if you go to him for help - don't piss him off. switch into his class at all cost though - he's that good. i knew no programming and i got 80 on the final.", 'a very good professor, nice and considerate. the content at class and assignment are very interesting and useful stuff.', 'good guy', "i love paul carter. took him for apsc 160. lectures and screencasts are thorough and clear. he's strict with the class but it helps keep the chaos of a 300+ class down. he has a good idea of when the class is struggling and pauses the lecture to help. honestly brightens my day just seeing him walk down main mall :-)", "it's really sad i prob will never have a prof as clear as him anymore. he is like &quot;this is what you need to know and here is how to do it&quot;. no unnecessary talks which saves tons time. he makes the course easy and programing fun. if you are looking for a fun entertaining prof he's not the option but a clear helpful prof he is the top choice.", 'been taking apsc 160, cpsc 110 and cpsc 210 with paul. amazing professor who always helps you learn material beyond the scope if you attend his office hours. very clear and easy-to-follow lectures. thanks for great lectures paul, i wish you taught higher cpsc courses.', "best cpsc prof i've ever had. if you work hard enough, you will get an easy a.", 'paul keeps the lectures interesting. his screencasts and lectures go over everything you need to know. he is organized and as long as you pay attention, take notes and practise coding every now and then its easy to get a good mark in his class.', 'a great prof.', 'great instructor. my favourate instructor.', "professional. the man commands respect. he knows what's he doing and know how to teach it. i've never programmed a thing before taking this class and i ended up with 90% in the end. labs can be tricky. notes are better than the text. if you're not in his class, transfer now. and yes, he's got a lovely accent. =)", 'great prof! very clear, very helpful!', 'good interactivity, and seems to actually care about teaching. a pleasure to learn from.', 'great teacher, but redefines the word hard . if you get a b-, your doing good..', "excellent teacher. probably the best ubc prof ive ever had. lectures are very clear, slides very organized. if you go ask him questions he'll always answer it. exams are very fair; no tricks involved. if youve been following along in class and doing labs, its easy to pass with flying colours.", 'taking 210 with him was one of my best decisions since college. his lectures were extremely structured, well-paced, and inspirational -- sometimes questions from students ran the entire lecture. this course was enjoyable with reasonable workload and straightforward exams.', 'great prof!', "he's great!", "people, don't make me go into attack mode", 'i loved this class. the assignments were challenging and really stimulated me to think about the topics described in class.', 'very nice and helpful', "best cpsc teacher i've had so far! got me interested in cpsc again! :)", 'took apsc 160, cpsc 110 and cpsc 210 with professor carter. amazing lecturer and will always be there for you if you need any assistance. will also teach you material beyond the scope of the course in a very detailed manner if you attend the office hours. thanks for amazing lectures and i really wish that you taught higher cpsc courses.', "holy god this man can teach. he actually does examples and forces everyone to participate in working on them during lecture time. you won't hesitate for a second to ask him questions in class.", 'imo, the best prof i have ever had in my 4 years of post secondary. excellent teaching. very helpful.', "best teacher i've had so far. exams and assignments were fair... he didn't come up with questions out of this world like other teachers sometimes do", 'excellent instuctor. very clear, very helpful, and classes were always interesting i learned a lot in this class, and would recommend it to anyone.', 'best prof ever.', 'great teacher.', 'not good', 'hes nice', 'excellent prof. he explains concepts clearly and well, and is receptive to questions. i enjoyed his lecture style very much. and indeed, he has a lovely accent.', 'dr. carter is so awesome! he totally goes over eveything in class until like everyone gets it. he also posts the notes for everything he does in class on webct so you dont have to waste time writing everything down. he is by far my best professor this year!', 'an absolutely brilliant instructor. his lectures are amazing, and he clearly explains the course concepts. he is very helpful and truly wants his students to succeed. truly one of the best instructors i have ever had.', "this guy is fantastic. his lecture style is smooth and clear and he writes code on the board (by hand) and then goes over it. if i had just gone to this lecture in the beginning, i would still be enrolled in the comp sci program. instead i was in wolfman's lecture and now i am leaving. the disparity is really that big.", "explain things very clearly. he's also very patient and helpful, if you want to take cpsc 110, choose his lecture!i even want to major in cs now!", "very clear notes with good examples, best prof i've had this year!", 'his online notes rule.', 'best in the business.', 'best prof ever!!', 'one of my favorite prof in ubc! would definitely take course with him again. he is hilarious, caring, and he is good at explaining topics. cpsc is no easy, but he made it much easier.', 'great prof! knew my name the first time i went into his office!', "he's got to be the best prof i've had all year. gets the content across very well.", 'great prof, a favorite so far. very systematic teaching style, and will go out of his way to help students. easy to understand. however do try to dodge his "constructive criticism".', "really good teacher, he's a little strict but he has control of the class. my favorite first year professor.", "extremely organized and understandable. he is by far the best cpsc prof i've ever had. i'll definitely take more courses with this prof. he makes everything so clear. if you don't understand his lecture, then something's wrong with you.", "nice guy, very good teacher. study loooong and hard for his tests they're tricky", 'teaches well; good resourses (ie web notes); tests are fair; best prof for cpsc!', 'bets prof. very clear and never makes mistakes.', 'excellent professor. explains concepts clearly and logically in a manner which everyone understands. seems to be one of the few professors at ubc who excels at teaching.', "excellent prof, really knows his stuff and what he's doing", 'very well organized. understading.', 'great prof and great instruction']
['great prof... learned a lot. really good about being available for students questions... very considerate... exams are kinda long, but otherwise fair.', 'taught the material fairly effectively, although sometimes had strange ways of explaining things. exams were alright. on the final he said he would not have specific machine language instructions, but he ended up including them. make sure to put them on your formula sheet.', "very enjoyable prof that gives good notes, whether it be online or chalk. isn't necessarily his fault that he's always teaching the hardest courses- in fact that must be a testament to his skill ;)", 'very high expectations for assignments, expect to spend way too much time on them, but always available to help you out. tests are much easier than assignments and almost exactly like the practise exam he gives. he explains material well in class.', 'excellent prof! you will do well in his class if you put enough effort into it. 320 is hard, but i did well because i put a lot of effort into it. patrice is extremely helpful and answered my emails + questions on the newsgroup even at 1am !!!! exce', "he's got the sexiest comb-over. hot like fire!", 'tries to be funny a lot, and askes whether everything was understood.', 'he is a good prof, i believe the best one for cpsc 121, but the class itslef is hard, the lectures are challenging, a lot of reading, and the grading scheme is not to clear most times.', 'patrice is an amazing professor. i found 313 to be much easier than 213 cause of him. his tests can be hard but they are do-able. makes himself very accessible and is crystal clear during office hours.', 'the course itself was very hard but he did an amazing job making people understand the material. very helpful and considerate. very good prof but too bad the course material is pretty difficult....', "he is the most helpful professor i've ever met. he's even helpful for things not related to the course. the course is hard, so it's better to take it with such a helpful prof.", 'he is a better comedian than he is a professor. and that is compliment for his teaching ability.', 'very nice and helpful.', "patrice is a senior instructor for the department for a reason. he explains things very well and inspires a lot of interest in students. though exams are tough, go to class, go to office hours when needed, and you'll be fine!", 'extremely helpful. reasonable exams. challenging assignments let you understand more of the course material :) clear notes. highly recommanded!', "lecture notes are well organized and has plenty of practice. does not publish lecture notes so you have to show up to class. take advantage of the ta hours if you don't understand what's being taught. he's extremely smart. assignments take ~5 hours to do.", 'ubc has an asset in pat.', "what an awesome prof. top 3 at ubc. explains hard topics very well and answers any questions you might have. checks newsgroups/email 24/7 too. can't ask for much more than that.", 'i love patrice. if i was a female nerd, i would marry him.', "i don't know how i've done cpsc 121 without him and the ta's. he's well prepared and funny. i don't really have much to say about him. just take him for any courses!! but the course isn't easy.", 'patrice is a fantastic teacher. he is funny and super smart. the material is not easy but he presents it clearly and his door is always open if you need help. classes are coherent and well structured.', "patrice is an amazing instructor - lectures are clear, helpful, and hilarious! he's super approachable and really knows how to teach this course well. this course is not so easy when you take it with him but it's worth it! definitely take this class with patrice.", 'consider yourself lucky if you get patrice!!! way to go - deserves the teaching awards!!!', "honestly, he's the only professor that can teach cpsc 320 properly. i took 320 with steve wolfman last year and i was completely destroyed. utterly annihilated. i learned nothing in wolfman's class so walking into patrice's class with an empty brain, i feel he can at least concisely explain concepts. he's super smart too and has plenty of examples.", "probably one of the best profs i've had so far given that science seems to have slim pickings. i can barely stand 1 1/2 hour lectures but his engaging way of teaching keeps me alert the entire time. gotta give special props to his dad jokes. honestly, i wish he'd teach more classes in the compsci department.", "he's the best prof! he's extremely nice and friendly and he tries his very best to help his students. he's considerate of his students and he's constantly trying to do better and considering student's feedback. he's so dedicated that he answers post on the bullentin board every couple hours every day! he's great guy, great prof! patrice, u rock!!", "amazing prof, definitely knows how to teach. compared to the other cpsc profs, i've had, he's easily one who can teach the material in such a way that attending lectures and doing the assignments will get you a decent grade. textbook is not needed unless you want an a and really learn in-depth, but his lectures are clear enough by themselves.", "his lectures can be very confusing but overall, he is a smart guy and takes his time answering everyone's questions.", 'patrice is obviously very knowledgable on the topics taught in cpsc 121 but the lectures are quite slow paced and the course timeframe is way longer than it needs to be. he will give almost too much time for clicker questions or to think about problems. this course could easily be completed in 2-3 months. lectures do help to clarify concepts though', 'very intelligent and smart man... might want to move from using a chalkboard to using slides one of these days... powerpoint maybe even... considering cs. this is they guy who takes that hardest courses in cs and does whatever it takes to get it into the minds of his students. a+++', "very nice and helpful guy... at almost 2am, he still answered my email!! a bit hard, but he explains things pretty good... and yes, you've got to love the comb-over. =)", 'very boring lectures and awkward jokes; good marker; must attend the computer registers part of lectures to understand them', "really hilarious, the man has a true passion for teaching low-level cpsc courses and it shows. the lectures themselves are only slightly helpful, most of the stuff is in the textbook. what kept me attending was patrice's great personality, wit, and caring for my learning. take this course with patrice and you won't regret it.", 'amazing prof. his lectures can seem like a lot to take in but all his notes are posted online and he explains things really clearly in office hours. definitely a great prof for this difficult course.', 'patrice is an excellent teacher.', 'very knowledgeable, and willing to help you with almost every problem you encounter. tests were extremely similar to practice ones. his accent was troublesome at times, but he does not mind if you ask him to repeat. take this course with him for a gpa boost!', 'iclicker for participation textbook is a must class is easier than 110 as long as you understand the basic logic', "i took 121 in my 4th year so i've had a lot of experience with other profs. he is really good at teaching and boils down concepts to the basics without any fluff. the course itself is hard if you haven't had experience with circuits/discrete math, so it helps that he knows what he's doing.", "had him for 126,219,320. works extremely hard and is a very good guy. honest, caring... very fair tests and assignments. they do require some thought so 90% is much harder in his class than most, but you won't be hard pressed to pass.", 'one of the most difficult courses in the computer science field. its one of those courses that you think are so difficult and as a result you end up working harder than normal and getting a decent grade. just dont think this is easy. belleville takes a hard course and describes a lot of the material in clarity. good prof.', 'one of the most amazing professor in cs.', 'a nice instructor with a great understanding of students. usual perception is that he lets most of the students pass. if you work good he will let you pass. assignments are ok not too bad but still math is math,', "patrice is probably the smartest overall cs prof at ubc. he'll go out of his way to help students and to make himself available in person, via newsgroup, etc. his lectures are easy to follow and understand, even if the material is tough. i would have been totally lost in cs320 with any other prof.", "his classes aren't that easy but he's very helpful. answers emails very quickly.", "interesting prof, course content is fairly difficult, especially if you've never had experience with proofs before. labs are an absolute nightmare at first if this is new stuff to you. prof is clear and has a sense of humour all his own. midterm was brutal, but the final was relatively easy. still, a challenging course overall.", 'good prof, good course. one of the few courses i enjoyed, and one of the rare courses where i found it very useful to take notes and attend all classes.', "patrice is absolutely the best. especially if you're planning to take cpsc 121, take it with patrice. he's the only one that writes the exams/assignments, and while other profs have a hard time coming up with a circuit/dfa's, patrice can do it all. very helpful during office hours, he knows what he is doing.", 'nice guy, dedicated as an instructor, and funny. lectures were fun. the course is very hard though, and the midterm was a killer.', 'has a great sense of humour and teaches with enthusiasm, which motivates students to pay even more attention during lectures. is also very experienced and knowledgeable regarding topics covered; always readily helpful.', 'extremely good at explaining difficult concepts. he makes himself available if you need extra help, and he always checks and replies to the newsgroup.', "this course is challenging and fun, even for a student with some familiarity with cs. dr. belleville is very clear, and the labs and assignments were just about right. there were four quizzes, which were extremely helpful for figuring out what to study. if you're genuinely interested in a formal cs education (and not code monkey), take this course!", 'amidst all of our other monotonous lectures, my friends and i always looked forward to getting to sit down and listen to patrice make dad-jokes for an hour. he is a funny guy and an excellent instructor. this course can be challenging in first year, but if you have some previous knowledge in symbolic logic and math, it is an easy a with patrice.', 'patrice is the nicest man alive! he answers emails at odd hours during the day and night and answers questions thoroughly during and after class. although his presentation style is lacking, he does try to make little jokes and speaks/writes very clearly.', 'was well organized and clear and answered questions in class, but was not very helpful or considerate during office hours.', "labs are a nightmare if you aren't used to that sort of thing. just make sure you know the labs, because they will be examed.", 'great professor who effectively leads the class through some very difficult concepts. his lectures are bulletproof and obviously well thought-out and perfected over the years... good job!', 'good prof, really cares about his students.', 'very accessible and helpful. his lectures, for the most part, are pretty organized and the notes are clean and readable. he was also very clear on what topics were being tested on the final. however, his exams are notoriously difficult!', "teaches material in a manner that is much too formal (notation, etc). too much memorizing as opposed to designing your own algorithms. very well prepared, explains things well. always monitors newsgroup / email, replies quickly. i just wish he didn't require us to be so formal in proofs, etc.", "smart guy, he's been teaching this course for ages so he knows it inside out. very willing to answer questions and he drops dry humor every now and then during lectures to keep everyone entertained. make sure you go to the lectures as he explains some difficult concepts in the course very well", 'while the class is quite difficult, patrice does his best to teach the subject matter. each lecture has many examples and participation questions that should help you grasp everything, as long as you show up and do the reading.', "he's friendly and responsible. he most likely replies to questions from the newsgroup immediately. he designed the cpsc 121 course indeed. he's really good.", 'patrice is fantastic. i would definetly go out of my way to get into another one of his sections in the future.', 'while the course that he teaches is very difficult, i think with the material he had, he did really well and explained everything clear enough so that everyone was able to understand (i was anyway). his notes are very detailed and accurate.', "one of the nicest profs ever! and he's quite funny. patrice is extremely helpful during office hours, and he's patient with his students when they come to him for questions. we had 4 tests (instead of a midterm), each one was challenging but fair. the final though was incredibly difficult.", 'should get a 10/5 for helpfulness, in and out of the classroom', "awesome prof, disliked his worksheets near the end of the term tho. don't buy a textbook you can easily find pdf online", 'easy to understand lectures and helpful office hours.', 'professional,talkative, and wordy. a nice guy.', 'great prof for theory. very clear and helpful. the courses he teaches are always hard theory ones, but i i find that he marks quite generously and is always willing to give part marks for solutions that are close.', 'very patient, makes lectures engaging and gives great feedback when he walks around in class.', 'excellent prof! the course material is tough, but his lectures make it interesting. his jokes are actually funny though occasionally really un-pc.', '320 is always a hard course, but those tricky points are explained very clearly by patrice. so glad to take another class with him after 121!!', 'patrice is &quot;the&quot; guy to go to for any problems related to cs... very very helpful and knowledgable... replies your posts on newsgroup (or e-mails) asap...', "without a doubt the best teacher i have had at ubc. he has tons of interest in his courses and is very helpfull, he is always willing to take your questions during class or help you during his office hours. note:this is a hard class (121) so don't take it if you just want to coast through, it won't work, there are weekly assignments.", 'good proff, has a lot of consideration for students. will email you back within ten minutes, even at 1am at night. pretty hard with exams and sometimes assumes too much of student intelligence when doing lectures.', "prof is excellent at condensing the course material to the important subjects. the course is tough, but take advantage of patrice and you'll get a b+ or higher. textbook is actually really helpful, so do the reading. study for the midterms/final, because while they are fair, they are still pretty tough. participation goes a long way in his lectures"]
['definitely a great prof and would recommend to anyone taking 110', 'very funny teacher, very helpful. assignments can be a little bit challenging, but you can work in pairs. i would definitely take another his course.', 'very enthusiastic.....interesting lectures.lots of assignments(very very hard but interesting! labs were not easy. mts were very hard and long! final was very fair tho. not only need to understand the material but think deeply. my favorite prof so far!', 'very helpful, but exams can be very challenging.', "hands down the best professor and best class i've ever taken. his exams are difficult, but pay attention and you'll learn a ton! he makes it look too easy. practice lots of problems.", "i've never had a professor who cared this much about his students. you can email him at midnight and expect a reply within 10min. he works hard, and he expects you to as well. expect to have fun, but your average may suffer. he is hard. did i mention that already&#63; hard. you've been warned.", 'insanely difficult labs: between 25 and 50 hours to complete a 2 week lab. in addition to labs, assignments took 5 - 10 hours with one assignment per week.', 'natural teacher. very good explanations. motivates students to learn. registered in another section but went to his. very helpful outside class. this guy was hired to teach, not research.', "the most enthusiastic prof i've ever had. really articulate, and shows he cares about the subject matter and the excitement makes you appreciate the material more.", "very energetic and amazing! does what has to be done real quick and leaves the rest of the times for students to solve the problems themselves. in a sense he doesn't really lecture! so if you expect a prof that does the thinking for you and tell you every answer wolfman is not your guy! also you have to do pre-readings for every class or you fail!", 'amazing prof, very enthusiastic and helpful. got me interested in both the theoretical and hardware sides of computing.', "great teacher. explains things clearly, and is always very receptive to students' questions. very helpful outside of class time.", "steven is such a funny guy he always has some jokes during lectures, but sometimes he just goes too fast... no textbook but videos! i have to say that the exams are hard if you do not keep up with the material and get enough practice. it's really important to stay with him! really like him", "steve is extremely helpful and excited about what he does. you get the feeling that he actually cares about his students' education. you do have to keep up on your readings because he doesn't spoonfeed the material to you powerpoint lecture style, he teaches you how to apply the concepts by writing code and explaining what he's doing as he goes.", "give me a break, you don't get 4 science credits for nothing. this guy really know what he's talking about, and his enthusiasm shows that he really cares about what he is teaching, one of the best prof!", "i was so worried because i got 60's on the midterm.. but in the end i got a+! i like this prof. he is very nice.", 'fantastic prof!', 'steve is an awesome prof. clear lectures, nice guy, whatever. cpsc 110 however, is a pretty stupid course.', 'intellengent, helpful, and very nice..^^', "steve is a funny, kind, and nice guy. he's a great prof. textbook is completely unneeded and attendance isn't necessarythe best way to master this material is through youtube videos. if steve really wanted to make his lectures useful, he'd get a bunch of paper cups with numbers on them for algorithm demonstrations. too much emphasis on proofs.", "he teaches very clearly, usually coding relative programs during the class. i've learn a lot of thing about concept of oop!!", "i had three classes with steve. they were all great, he is a great lecturer. make sure you don't skip any of his classes and you'll be fine. (his exams can be tough, but they are usually very similar to the practice exams)", 'awesome! very excited about teaching, takes huge pains to make the material and himself accessible to students.', 'steve is an awesome professor! he is funny, helpful and clear. personally (unlike most people in my class) i also enjoyed his midterm and final. they were sort of tricky, but still doable if you are fairly good at the subject. (and personally i like a challenge now and then)', 'the most helpful professor that i know of. he helps students 24, 7. the pace of the course is faster than regular courses but that is what everyone wants, right&#63; i did because i wanted to learn more and more.', "steve is an amazing professor. i loved his classes. he is undoubtedly a great teacher. of course there's the part about him being funny but also the fact that he explains everything in a lot of detail that really helped me grasp concepts faster. i'd definitely recommend his class to any of my friends!", "really depends on one's style of learning. very enthusiastic and helpful, but really have to keep up or you're left with a pile of disorganized pdf notes and a useless textbook. recommended prof if you really pay attention during lectures and genuinely interested in the topic.", 'great instructor! as others have noticed, very hard midterms and assignments, but encourages discussion and always willing to help. finals are more than fair to make up. you will know your sh*t well after his classes. also he brings treats to class! lecture notes are not stand alone, you must attend class. he just gets the harder courses to teach.', "i failed miserably his course at the beginning of the course but i end up passed. his exams wasn't easy, and the course required a lot of reading, understanding and determination. he's more that gladly to help you when you ask. just don't be shy. (side note: this is 2011 sept course)", "i took cpsc 320 with wolfman and to be honest i failed it, along with several classmates i know. however wolfman himself is not a terrible professor, he's extremely intelligent and engaging, and will spend time to explain things. my biggest mistake is not utilizing his oh more. he's a great guy, he's just teaching very very veeerryyy hard courses.", "i was surprised at all these negative reviews - tbh he's one of the best profs i've ever had, and seemed genuinely very kind, entertaining, and patient. his lectures were pretty good too. i thought he was amazing, but maybe he teaches the difficult courses differently.", "very excellent professor. don't be deceived by other comments! at first, i though he was pandering to us, but then i realized he just really cares about the students and materials. excellent professor. very clear and knowledgable. one of my favorites.", "most engaging prof i've had so far in any class (including arts classes which tend to be more fun in lecture). he is always enthusiastic about answering students' questions and really knows what he's talking about. i expected this class to be really dry but with steve lecturing, i was very wrong.", 'a great prof who explanis things very well. he is extremely interested in the material he teaches, and can impart this impart this interest to his students. he made this class a lot of fun.', 'very good professor who is teaching a very complicated course. got a good grade at the end, but not without a lot of hard work, and a lot of low grades inbetween as well. very caring, and always available to help', 'definitely cares about teaching; he puts into practice all the current theory on engaging teaching. if you actively engage yourself in his class, and actually try to enjoy the learning, you will get swept up in it. the only really really difficult part of the class is induction (unless you are an honour math student...). definitely recommend.', "he may have caused us to fall behind, however, i like how he demonstrates the concepts by typing code instead of using slides. he's extremely helpful, so take full advantage of his office hours! he's also got me so much more interested in computer science that i might consider doing a minor or even a combined major.", 'steve is funny and very approachable, and his lectures are interesting and fun. he comes very prepared to every class, and he would would often go over time on his office hoursafter class to make sure students understood the concepts. i recommend (for 311) doing the readings ahead of time because he moves quickly over course topics. amazing prof!', "simply, one of the best proffs i've ever had. he probably spends 12 hours a day (or more!) preparing material for his lectures and answering students' questions. he turned one of the most boring cs classes (cs312) to one of the most exciting classes i've ever taken in ubc but be forwarned... steve will make you work hard... very very very h", "his lectures are probably the highlight of this course. be prepared: the course has an astronomical workload (10 hours a week at least). between the problem sets, the practice problems, the videos, labs and studying for the tests, you'll be completely screwed if you fall behind. it is not impossible; with lots of practice, you can do very well.", 'this prof will whip you hard, but after you come out of it all, you will have become a better man (and programmer).', 'steve is an excellent prof. his lectures are interesting and his midterms are an opportunity to learn (but you must do the practice midterms to pass). this course could benefit from more in-class activities, and a better textbook. the material itself is difficulty, as is the grading criteria, but steve does his best to teach it well.', 'the material and exams were very challenging, but steve was always available for answering questions, and answered questions on the discussion board daily. steve is enthusiastic and makes students a high priority.', "steve is one of the best instructors i've ever had! enthusiatic about the subject and about teaching. never have i had a more prepared instructor who is so committed to teaching and learning.", 'steve makes logic and functional programming really accessible - he is v. engaging and clear. also he has a really good pace.', "he knows his stuff and loves it too. for those interested in computer science, he is a perfect match because he neither irrelevant nor dull in the least. i chalk my general dislike of the class to my inability to connect with the subject matter. if he taught anything outside computer science, i'd sign up for that class in a heartbeat.", "really enthusiastic about the material and loves teaching it. very interactive classes, with lots of discussion amongst ourselves. in class problems and exams required good thought, so if you don't think too well don't take him.", 'steve is a very helpful prof. he really cares about the students, and will help you for sure if you ask for help. for the last day of class, he dressed up as a panda. it was hilarious!', "probably the best prof i've ever had, really makes an effort to get everyone involved with the class and he must spend hours and hours posting helpful messages on webct. brought cookies as a consolation for our midterm. 312 is worth taking, steve will make it interesting.", "best prof, ever. he actually cares about what he's doing and the enthusiasm comes through clearly.", 'agreed with above comment.', 'one of my favourite profs (i was in his 121 class as well). 121 was definitely easier than 221 just because of the material and the expectations of the students, but this prof was great for both. very helpful and entertaining, and obviously wants the best for his students.', 'extremely difficult class, probably the hardest in cpsc program. that being said steve gives really hard assignments and even harder midterms (if you pass you are doing awesome!!), however if you put in the time to see him in his office hour you will get 100% on his assignments and understand the course material alot better.', 'you have to work in this course but he gives you more than enough to go on. he seems to really care about his students!! but why would any prof want to help slackers?!', 'one of the best profs at cs department. be prepared before you go to lecture, otherwise, it is really hard to follow his pace.', 'he is the best prof i have ever had. although the class was about a few relatively obscure languages, he made it really interesting. i learned a lot about learning languages!', "steve is one of the best professors i've ever had: he's extremely engaging, his assignments are tough but fair, and he makes even the driest material interesting. he'll make you work hard, but you'll learn a lot. plus it's hard to beat a prof who buys everyone pizza after the midterm and sings for us (in costume, no less) after the final.", 'the classes were an intense 50 minutes of learning, so make sure to keep your focus. although he generally follows the textbook, he emphasizes the most important parts making the lectures worthwhile. entertaining as well as very educational. very fast feedback.', "writing code is his method of lecturing, so if you're used to copying notes from the whiteboard, prepare for a major shift in learning style. read the textbook before doing the assignments. midterms were &quot;optional&quot; and graded such that it won't penalize your final grade if you do bad. very helpful during office hours.", 'he is a excellent prof and the best prof i have seen in ubc. he taught you the method and understanding instead of just knowledge.', "very helpful and tries to be clear. extremely enthusiastic and may be oblivious to the fact that you're not. cares personally about students and tries to know everyone's name. however, he's known to some as &quot;darth wolfman&quot; for his difficult exams.", 'pretty good prof, a little bit too enthusiastic sometimes (esp when it comes to his daughter...). assignments are very easy (and relevant) but midterms/finals are really hard. the course is very challenging but he made it bearable.', 'sacrificed clickers just to attend his class 10/10', '-if you want a challenge', "this is best prof ever, imo. he is extremely engaging and always helpful. kudos to steve! textbook used was computatinal intelligence second edition - the unreleased version. it's not finished yet so we were given access to the draft for free.", "the best prof i've ever had. really got me interested in algorithms. was hilarious and made the courses a lot of fun. the problems were fun to solve and the class moved at a comfortable pace. makes the courses quite involved and interesting. i plan to take as many classes with him as possible. also took cpsc 320 with him.", 'steve is an amazing professor, the classes are very unusual (more thinking than listening) which is a very good way of learning. with steve, this class is not only about programming but more generally about how to approach problems: i can only recommend you to take it. you should go to class to get the most out of it.', "one of the best prof. cs311 is hard. it's interpreter construction. and you have to be well prepared for 411, compilor construction. but steve is already making the course easier to understand and fun, insteresting, clear, etc. try take this course with another prof, see what you can learn and get, and u'll know steve is good.", "fun class. i know some people found the flipped-classroom structure and funny problem-based exams polarizing, but i loved them! lecture-activities are super helpful for understanding concepts -- they make sure you're thinking, not just copying stuff down. exams all about whether you learned the stuff, not whether you memorized."]
['great prof/personality', 'great course and great professor!he cares about what he is teaching, and we wrote some great programs during this course.', "i'm pretty sure the negative responses to gregor were before my time. easy a, super helpful, nothing could be negative", "one of my favourite profs so far, he's very clear about what he expects of his students and his teaching is very clear. attend lecture, do practice problems, watch the videos, etc. and it'll be an easy a/b.", 'gregor is one of the best prof i met in ubc. he might look serious but he is super approachable and patient outside class. i am not in his section but i sometimes go to his office hours. he explains everything in a super clear efficient and encouraging way. 110 is a hard course but gregor and his videos make everything better.', "he is a great lecturer. his classes were very interesting. however he is arrogant and rude. i would give him a perfect 5 if it wasn't for his rudeness.", "read this carefully...gregor is an amzing prof and he designed the whole intro to cpsc course so, you couldn't get better but (and read this carefully) watch and read everything 'pre-lecture', do every single weekly practice problem,and go to the labs. i slacked off early and fell behind quick. he designed the sylabus, all you have to is follow it!", 'prof. kiczales teaches the ideas universally used in cs. some topics are harder to grasp and you may end up spending more time on homework than you\'d expected. however, the online lectures and plenty of ta hours are there to help. just open your mind & expect mood swings from "haha, i\'m a mighty god!!" to "never will touch programming again!!!"', 'gregor was the best professor. 110 was my trial course to see if i wanted to go into computer science. he invented the course. had i not had gregor and this fantastic course i might not feel the same. he expects you to work, but he is very fair in how the course is marked. i would take this with gregor for anyone considering cpsc as a degree.', 'awesome prof but you really have to pay attention and ask any doubts you have in class! he legit cares about the class doing well, lectures are detailed, but can be a bit fast paced. if you go to dlc hours and office hours, you should be good to go.', 'clear teacher, very interesting lessons. i would say he is a good prof but there is a lot of work involved with the course.', "great teacher, best teacher i've had so far at ubc. extremely helpful, he knows your name and wants you to succeed.", 'gregor makes this tough course slightly easier, as his lectures are very straightforward and understandable. he sometimes assumes that his students know more than they actually do, based on a couple of questions asked by the same few keepers in the crowd. make sure you keep up with the homework, especially if you have no prior experience.', "strict but amazing prof. comp sci is hard but he does his best to teach his students. i took the online section but i met him in person as well because he was interested in feedback to improve the course. tbh all the cpsc110 profs are great, you can't miss.", "i absolutely love gregor's personality and teaching methodologies. i think this course was the best way for me to be introduced to programming, and it really boosted my confidence in my own abilities to code. he thinks so far ahead and really understands what is best for the students. but don't expect it to be easy, pay attention to lectures.", 'as long as you keep up with the videos and do your practice, his teaching really drives you to learn', "heres the thing with cpsc, you must go to lectures and do the practice problems!! if you do that, then this course is actually very easy. however, if you don't , you might actually fail. i got a b+ in this course, and i am in arts. this prof is by far the best prof i have ever met. if you really want to learn com sci, take him.", "cpsc 110 is a beginner-friendly course, but is very fast-paced. you must keep up with the video lectures and problem sets. if you fall behind, you will be in trouble. if you keep up, this course is straight-forward and its really easy to do well. gregor's video lectures explain concepts very well and he is very helpful on the discussion forums.", 'this course only becomes difficult if you fall behind - this course has a huge workload! - otherwise the material is rather straightforward and relatively easy to grasp. with that said, gregor knows this course inside and out, is extremely knowledgable, and really cares that students learn both effectively and efficiently. great prof!', "incredible prof. attend his lectures. the course itself isn't easy, but with his clarity and his ability to explain everything, he makes the class worth it! genuinely interesting and my favorite prof so far...", "great prof and great class. unlike a previous commenter, i am an arts student with no experience and got an 80 in the class. very fair marking and really interesting and helpful. highly recommended if you're interested.", 'i feel that this course has been made too difficult to be considered a "beginner" 4 credit course. the videos we watch online are easy to understand, however if you have a heavy-ish course load... don\'t take cpsc110. spare yourself from that. this course requires ~15hours of dedicated time per week. if cpsc110 is req, then take it. otherwise don\'t!', 'i hated computer science before this class. i took it years back and failed and now i have to come back to it. he lighted up the interest again. exams are hard .. ish but if you have really done your exercises, you will at least get a b-. i missed many assignments but still managed well. overall a fun experience.', 'great prof, he knows his stuff, great at teaching the concepts, you just need to be ready to learn and want to learn, the concepts are hard and challenging but the class is fun and they always try to help your grade go up, trust me.', 'the concept of this course is helpful for students new to programming, though still tough for rookies and requires tremendous time investment. the progress is slow for experienced programmers. more emphasis during the course is on format, readability rather than functionality. recommended if you have time, interest, and requires a introduction.', "gregor doesn't baby his students, but if you keep up with the material and stay present during lecture, you stand to gain a lot from his courses. i've seen students complain that the systematic design patterns are too rigid, but i think that they've missed the point of the material: to avoid reinventing the wheel and focus on interesting problems.", 'coursera videos are really detailed and helpful for learning the concepts. the final exam was much harder than the midterms.', 'very intense course. be prepared to devote a few hours a night to the material if you want to do well.', "confused about the earlier commentators.. he's a great, funny, and engaging prof! enjoy while you can!", "dr. kiczales is the one who designed the entire course (cpsc 110) so he knows the material extremely well and answers student questions with 100% clarity. attend lectures as he gives good problems to try. watching the videos is a must as you will be lost if you don't. expect to put in more time at the beginning of term if you have never programmed.", "go to lectures! skipping a month worth of lectures was the biggest mistake i've ever made in uni, 1) because i didn't learn the material properly and 2) because gregor is actually an amazing prof. he is hilarious & knowledgable, but make sure to know your stuff because he walks around and checks on your progress, lol. and yeah, expect a lot of work", "i understand why some may be discouraged by gregor's style, but i can guarantee that in all my years at ubc i haven't met another prof who knew their teaching material as well as gregor did his. pay attention and ask questions - he will find the way to help. also, if you mistake his personality for malice, you probably need to lighten up a bit.", 'best prof ever... hard and time consuming course but definitely worth it', 'very nice and caring.', "incredibly inspiring and knowledgeable prof. if you put the work in, you will learn so much. the material is easy, there's just a loooot of it.", "absolutely incredible professor who distills a challenging subject matter into very clear expectations. at times, i thought he focused too heavily on some of the really obnoxious/ridiculous/unprepared student questions in lecture. the tests weren't very fair in that the marking was very, very nitpicky.", 'as others have said, this course is fast-paced and very time-consuming. i took this course just for fun and kinda regret it.', "very passionate when teaching, he's a pretty good prof. that makes class interesting", "the course isn't easy. the expectations and effort you need to put in are outlined explicitly. if you do it- you will do fine. gregor is simply amazing. he puts in so much effot into this course and explain things in a clear manner. he is a truly caring and dedicated prof. i'd take 110 again just to have him as a prof.", 'amazing prof!! go see him during office hours, he is so wonderfully helpful and always willing to help students and offer words of encouragement. he is one of the best at ubc.', 'excellent prof!! his lectures are well-organized and engaging and he is very helpful during office hours.', 'very enthusiastic and fun! be careful about raising your hand when he polls the class, cause he encourages participation and might call on you!', 'cpsc110 was my favorite course of the term. it was well thought out, and the prof motivated me to work hard throughout.', "gregor is hilarious and teaches the material very well and reinforces them by giving clicker quizzes at the start of every lecture. the overall course isn't very challenging but that is only if you keep up with the video lectures and practice problems. he is also hilarious and inspiring, highly recommend.", 'great prof, pretty much people who do well rate high and people who fail rate low. watch your videos and practice because you will fail if you dont. the difficulty of the course is irrelevant to gregor as a professor, and you need to spend time or else you will not do well.', 'a great prof with very clear and intuitive exposition of the material. absolutely perfect for an intro to compsci course.', "very enthusiastic teacher who calls upon students in class by name. expects a lot of work on class projects, but his tests are fair. his first lecture may be scary, but it's worth staying in the class.", "especially if you haven't programmed before, you need to be 100% on top of the homework and reading/video material. start on assignments early. the lectures fill in the gaps with concrete examples and walk-throughs and gregor is tough but fair. exams were pretty reasonable.", 'never had a problem understanding what has been in the lectures has been a great experience so far.', "the course itself is terrible frankly put (at least for someone who has done significant programming prior). objectively, however, kiczales is a decent professor. he teaches well, but has little respect for students (understandable since most students in this intro course don't respect his field), and very clearly has favourite students.", 'gregor is a god level prof and should be treated as such. his lectures are fun and packed with information. he makes you work for this course, and youre gonna have to spend time on it, but if you trust the natural recursion all will be well.', 'really good prof. lectures were engaging and interesting, and i learned new thing every class. the course was a lot of work and sometimes he answered too many stupid questions from people.', 'awesome prof who really cares about the well-being of his students.', 'great careful professor. knows his stuff well and very willing to help. super clear in the concept he teaches. very passionate about cpsc.', "everyone here is complaining how the course was ridiculous and unclear. although the course was very time consuming and stressful at times, gregor did well at explaining and the in-class problems helped a lot. if you paid attention to the problems he was doing in class, it's easy. videos were very helpful but needs better explanation in lectures.", "i came into the class with a fair bit of programming knowledge, and i found it quite easy. at first i didn't like his teaching style too much, but at some point i think the 'template' system pays off, at least in complicated programs. it seems like he was very involved in the creation of the curriculum, and he's certainly very knowledgeable.", 'i loved cpsc 110 and i found gregor to be an amazing prof. he is understanding of the difficulty of the course and he is an amazing lecturer. he has an amazing understanding of the course material and he always puts in the effort to make the class feel more personal despite the large size (300+).', 'best prof. easy to understand. no need to read textbooks at all. easy exams.', "gregor is an amazing prof, one of the best i've had in my two years at ubc. he really cares about the learning of his students and stops often in lecture to field questions, answering them thoroughly. this class has an insane workload, but that being said, if you're willing to work hard it's very possible to get a great mark.", 'he is good. just a bit too mechanical in they way he goes about his things. make sure you do the pre-lecture stuff or you will not get a word he teaches in lecture.', 'if you didnt choose gregor as your cpsc 110 prof, what are you doing with your life? best prof hands down. teaches amazingly well, encourages students, cares for students, and teaches amazingly well. this was my first time learning programming, and i really enjoyed it. trust the natural recursion. - the new motto of my life.', 'gregor is a professor who clearly knows every inch of the content that he teaches, and will answer questions clearly and concisely. he strives to get his students to succeed; he even stated once that "there is about $300000 worth of tuition in this room and i\'m gonna make every penny count." be warned: ton of work is involved in his courses.', 'very passionate and clear professor who really cares about his students. i had fun in class even though originaly i took it as a science requirement. very much recomended.', 'i found 110 to be a great intro class; yes, you will use racket which is not a widely used language, but the purpose of it is to help you learn computer scienceprogramming concepts. be prepared to put a lot of time into this course if you want to do well. gregor is a great teacher and is very helpful in his office hours.', "possibly the most intelligent man i've ever been taught by, but he doesn't make you feel dumb. if anything, he teaches the course in a way that makes you feel accomplished in what is being taught. the course is quite (nee very) difficult, but keeping up with edgex videos and attending lectures will keep your head above water. inspiring prof.", 'if you trust the natural recursion you will ace this class', "gregor is the most amazing prof i've ever had! so inspiring and motivating. he truly cares about his students and does everything he possibly can to help them do well in his course. he is super aware of the difficulty of this course's content and never makes his students feel dumb or that they aren't capable of doing well. overall amazing person", "really good prof! his lectures are clear and well organized. the course itself isn't a free ride, it's work, but if you stay on top of the problem sets its super rewarding! i bet the people who didn't like him fell behind and discouraged themsleves: nothing wrong with gregor himself."]
['nice guy, enjoyable lectures, genuinely wants for everybody to do well in his class; the midterm was fair; programming assignments are somehow stressful experiences but adequate help is available, and they are marked fairly.', 'very good prof who is interested in the welfare of his students. makes people laugh and is open to discussions. looks like super mario.', 'very nice prof, just hard to understand his accent', "no one can explain a concept as clearly as george. he's a wonderful prof; very kind and patient too. labs were fun, classroom lectures were lively, and if you ever go to his office hours your confusions will be swept away by his clarifications. labs were relevant to student learning and he cracks jokes every once in awhile. fantastic time in 213.", 'a solid professor who knows his material. he treats his students with respect, and wants everyone to do well. however, his accent may make it a bit difficult to understand what he is saying at times. but, you will get used to it. fair exams and assignments.', 'funny guy', 'nice guy, great prof', "funny and great guy. dirty slots!!! his voice can be very lulling, and the course content doesn't help that any. zzz...", 'great prof!', 'rather good way of teaching. responsible.', 'best professor.', 'this professor actually really cares if you understand the material. he has taught this course for years and never seems to tire of it. if you ask him a question, he is more than happy to answer.', 'cute prof, looks like robin williams, generous on marks, know how to dress nice', "he's a great prof. everyone loved him in our class. he's amusing and enthusiastic, i liked listening to his lectures. his accent is thick, and it was difficult to understand for the first two classes, but afterwards it wasn't a problem at all. i would definitely recommend him, he's a caring prof who's passionate about his subject.", 'very good prof. easy and interesting. i loved the course. does dress well !', 'i like the way he teaches.. not too fast and not too slow', 'nice guy', 'just great', "in response to his silent students after asking a question: &quot;come on! it's easy!&quot; hehe", "probably the best prof i've ever had at ubc. explains concepts very well, his notes are awesome and his exams are fair.", "george is like santa claus, he's always generous in attitude and marks. we luv u", "great prof!! easily one of the best i've had at ubc!!", 'i also thought that he looked like robin williams. =)', 'needs a while to get used to his accent.', 'following george, you will achieve success easily!', 'very good senior instructor', 'needs to be more clear when explaining concepts. is very helpful though.', 'interesting course materials, challenge assignments, fair exam! recommend&#65281;george is a very nice guy!', "i recommend taking this course with george - he put a lot of effort into the in-class examples. he has a bit of an accent but it only adds to the hilariousness of his jokes! ops! he really seems to care that his students understand the material. it's a definite advantage for cpsc 313.", 'best prof ever! exams were really fair.', "there is only one word for george, and that is jolly . also he's a very good prof.", "like someone said below, the time limit on the midterm was a problem for a lot of students. i almost never have problem finishing exams, but in george's classes i do. it was 8 pages with long descriptions and we were given 50min. some of his notes and instructions for assign and exams have awkward grammar, but eng is not his 1st language.", "the lectures are a bit too dense, and by that i mean a lot of not-so-important concepts are presented that are never tested in any way. so lectures can be boring as a result. george is a good prof, and his tests are very fair. if you listen to him carefully you'll know what's on the exams.", "the class is very straight forward. george tries his best to explain everything but sometimes i'm not sure if he gets it out the way he intends. other than that, he's a great guy, and really helpful if you need to get program/course advising.", "i've had george 3 times already, and each time he has proven himself one of the best cpsc instructors at ubc. the accent at first may be difficult, and he has to backtrack a lot, but the most helpful and caring prof around!", 'george is nice and helpful, but not very organized. he teaches not bad, but has accent, so sometimes hard to understand. overall, he is recommended.', 'very easy and relax environment, need to ask more from students!', 'a great professor who really cares about his students. engaging and informative lectures, and absolutely hilarious. also very fair exams and workload.', 'reminds me of some italian tenor. good prof, long assignments, and his jokes are funny because they are stupid. famous quote from george: do not say it sucks because we dunno what it sucks!', 'knowledgable and funny', 'funny prof. lame jokes tho. course was ok. notes sometimes unclear.', "amazing prof! knows what he's talking about, negotiable and approachable in office hours, and once you get past the accent, will explain anything you ask well and passionately. definitely taking another course with him.", 'amazing prof!!', 'good guy george', "easy course. great guy. just boring to be in the class at 9am, when there's only 25/55 registered students present.", "man i absolutely love george, one of my fav profs at ubc, even though i'm now in my fourth year. the guy is a fantastic teacher and genuinely cares if the students are with him, he uses clickers very effectively, going over topics until people understand them. an absolute gem, in the cpsc department, a god among men.", 'nicest prof in computer science.', 'i like george.', 'george is rad, he has a little bit of an accent which honestly helps get you through how dry the course material can be at times. i literally jumped for joy when i realized i had him again next semester.', 'one of the best profs in cs', 'george is very good professor. he is treating all students the same, as his own children. it is also great that he is trying to make everybody understand material. tough exams.', 'the one and the only best prof in cs department at ubc', "great prof! one of the best i've had so far. his accent is not a problem after 2-3 lectures. great course; if you did good in cpsc111, this course shouldn't be too hard. labs are relatively easy. assignments are lengthy but very interesting (for example, making your own game). probably the most interesting course so far for me.", 'one of the best in mss program', 'lecture and notes r good and useful. fair exams and assignments. a+ prof and also an a+ cs advisor. george is recommended.', 'george is a really funny and caring professor who needs to get more sleep at night. his accent can be a bit difficult to understands and the lectures fairly dry from time to time but that\'s life. the course content gets progressively more difficult as it goes on. he can be very lenient. don\'t bother asking him "do you even lift?" the answer is yes.', 'has a desire to see succeed.. his notes are excellent and his exams are directly based on the notes.', 'good teaching. well prepared', 'very nice guy, a bit goofy, humrous', 'really funny guy, and a great prof. if you can, take one of his courses.', 'nice', "great professor, will definitely be looking to take a class with him again. lectures were always fun and informative. don't listen to all the people saying they couldn't understand him, he is more then easy to understand. if you are fluent in english you will not have a problem.", 'very very very very very good prof.', 'george is fantastic, very helpful and interesting to talk to. this course covered rather tedius material, however... software design principles are just not captivating.', 'great professor who cares about his students. he is also very friendly and extremely hilarious. assignments and exams are fair if you put the effort in.', 'great guy. assignments and tests fair. a+', "he's incredibly fair and lenient with students, but his lectures do often end up being a little on the boring side.", "i think everyone should deserve something like a +5% on their grades because of george's accent lol."]
['excellent prof who cares about student success. funny, engaging and great lectures for all levels of understanding.', "he is a nice prof. i really enjoyed his lectures and like the way he teaches. he is funny, friendly nd helpfull. his notes are complete nd basically if you read them ,you'll be fine.", 'nice and clear', 'very helpful and enthusiastic towards often tedious material. some concepts are tricky though and have caught me off guard. labs require too much time week after week. thorough and beneficial course overall', 'not surprisingly, one of the best instructors in cpsc department. learning goals are clearly laid out, lectures are clear and a lot of opportunities to learn the materials through pre-class and in-class activities. the workload is medium to light, the exams are very fair. would recommend to take database courses with dr ed knorr.', 'very good at explaining', 'his lectures consist of iclicker questions, going over the key concepts from the screencasts posted online, then handing out problems for students to work on in class. occasionally, he does bring about some insights related to computer science/engineering, which are useful informations to keep in mind. great professor overall.', "ok, so he's not the most exciting prof out there, but lectures are clear and he's very, very helpful, and exams are fair. provides good examples from his industry experience too.", 'really helpful', 'very helpful and considerate. lectures are ok but everything is clear as hell. final exam was piece of cake.', 'the lecture notes are really helpful. he seems like a very friendly person.', "i had him for both 304 and 404 and he's awesome. he's extremely nice. you can approach him like as if he was your friend. the exams have some tricky questions but the he is really generous when marking. i highly recommend taking any courses with him. he often goes off tangent by telling some stories from his experience, but they're funny &interest", 'awesome teacher!! he is extremely helpful and makes the course very interesting!', 'very clear lecture+ useful slides+ office hour', 'he is very helpful and nice.', 'still gettin phd i think, very nice person, humrous, easy assignments, ok exams', 'i enjoyed the new version of the course. there are 4 midterms and no assignments. some people may not like the idea of having 4 midterms, but i much rather have that then to do assignments every week. ed is a great guy and provides plenty of practice exams from previous years, so there is no reason not to get a decent mark in the course.', 'cool, likes canucks.', 'not crazy hard like some other cs profs i know. very reasonable.', 'extremely nice and helpful. teaches pretty good. ed is recommended.', 'real good guy... helps everybody at any time', 'excellent teacher! very helpful, and gives you every opportunity to understand the topic.', 'ed is an awesome teacher. his classes are interesting and clear. he loves the subject and has a lot of experiences to share. be prepared to laugh a lot and learn more.', 'good in a boring kinda way. helpful. notes and lectures can be clearer.', 'funny at times, but lectures are just downloaded notes w/ extras, kinda boring', "very easy final! lectures are boring tho'~~ *final exam question: (worth 0 point) do u think canucks will win the stanely cup this yr&#63; big canucks fans!", "i love this professor. he is simply the nicest professor in computer science in ubc. there's no way any student would dislike him. he is very interesting, hilarious and helpful. i like him alot. he is also the biggest motivation for me to become a professor. ed, you are the best!", 'very very nice prof, extremly helpful outside of class, checks his email and student bulletin board often, very clear on the material, quite easy tests, and yes he loves hockey alot lol he had some 0 mark questions on hockey on the midterm and the final', "ed knorr is the best prof i have ever encountered in ubc and certainly in cs major. he gives very clear explanations and cares a lot about his students' understanding of course materials. go to his office hours. they are very helpful.", 'great prof! really inspired interest in the course material. would definitely take one of his classes again. he really cares about student learning.', 'helpful industry experience examples. good notes. fair exams. great prof.', 'very helpful both inside and outside of class', 'excellent, very helpful even to students not in his direct section.', 'best professor so far i have met , feel so warm inside every time i went to his office hour', 'good go-to guy when you need help and lectures are good as well. from what i have heard he is on of the better profs to get.', 'he is an awesome guy and an awesome teacher. try his office hours.', "he's funny, helpful, and explains really well. he's the best : )", 'good instructor. very responsible, well prepared, rather clear, considered of students. however, doesnt feel the auditorium well.', "he is an amazing human being. genuinely cares about his students' success.", "tests are fair. he's a great prof. extremely clear. one of those classes that if you do all the practice, you'll do well. he has many practice examsassignments and this helped a lot. one of the best profs at ubc.", 'easily one of the best at ubc. he answers questions quickly and is fair to students. i dont understand why he makes the assignments worth 20% because many of the students just copy them.', "helpful and considerate to his students and ta's alike. fair exams.", 'quite a funny guy to have teaching the class. friendly guy, and to have us self copy the notes kept me awake (a good thing!). however, the course was a bit hard... enjoys the canucks a bit too much to mention it in most of his lectures (when he gives examples), and even in the final exam&#63;! haha.', "boring. seems to be a smart, kind fella. but... boring. damn those lectures are awful. i'd like to see something else... anything besides him sitting on the stage writing on overheads.", "ed's a great prof! he is funny and very approachable outside class. he tries to make lecture content interesting by intersecting a few jokes. his exams are fair but a little too long so they end up tough. he gives a lot of pre and in-class exercises to help you keep on top of the material. my only complaint would be, he talks fast so be prepared.", "ed is awesome! he's great prof who's organized, his lectures are clear, he puts time into helping his students. on top of all that, he has an awesome personality and tells great stories. trust me, you want him.", "one of the better cs profs i've had. great guy with an interesting sense of humor. midterms were tricky but final was very fair. easy 4th year cs class.", 'almost impossible not get an a in his class. tests are fair and he is a great teacher who is also really helpful and reasonable', "one of ubc's few good professors", 'ed is such a nice guy, and he always has interesting stories to tell. the lectures are a bit boring but he tells you everything to need to do to do well on exams.', 'great prof! he really cares about student success. i indtroduced myself once and he remembered for the rest of the term.', 'he put a sticker on my exam! how cool is that&#63; =)', "ed's lectures are very clear, simple and filled with amusing anecdotes. perhaps it is just the course material, but nothing about this class was particularly challenging.", 'excellent prof. great at explaining things, efficient teaching methods, funny guy...etc.', "easily the best teacher i've had at ubc. he is a very good teacher and is always willing to help.", 'likes mentioning his office hours, but pretty good', "excellent professor. best cpsc professor i've ever had; gives tons of practice material.", 'the course is tough. but ed surely spent a lot of time preparing lectures. a lot of notes to add onto the slides in class. provide good examples for the material. spent a lot of time for office hours answering questions! fair on exams.', 'ive been in ubc for 6 years. trust me. hands down, he is the best prof that i have ever seen. take the course. some questions may be tricky, but it helps you really think about the material more. go to his office hours, it will help you.', 'lectures are funny and very easy to follow. exams are fair with nothing unexpected. favorite cpsc prof at ubc', "ed is so hilarious and he gives credits for i-clicker question and also pre-class exercises, for which solution is given! he explains everything clearly and if you have any ambiguity, he's willing to talk about it for hours :p office hour is really helpful before exams. his lecture is a pleasure to attend.", 'good prof! better then the one that teaches 2nd half of the course', 'very nice guy, very helpful, definitely easy to learn from. explains things very well!! seems genuinely interested in his students getting good grades.', 'the notes are on the net and they are really helpful, i barely used the textbook. big ed is great, he is a canucks fan!', "ed is one of the best professors at ubc - this is a commonly held feeling among many students. he expects a lot from his students (there is a lot of pre-class readings and exercises); however, this prepares you to obtain a very high mark in the class. if you do the work, you can get an a easily; maybe not so much if you don't do the work.", 'comedic timing might not always be regarded as an important attribute in a professor, but it definitely contributes to how great of an instructor ed is. his low-key jokes make it easy to pay attention to material that could otherwise be boring. he is clear about what is expected of you, and he has an incredibly kind and positive demeanour.', "really great prof. very fair exams, they follow the assignments very closely. helps us relate to the real world with his real world experiences in db. lots of reference and practice material available for assignments and exams. do the practice! he's always there if you need help and is super fast responding on vista and returning assign/tests.", 'he gives a lot of homework which makes the course a bit tedious. there are pre- and in-class exercises on top of clickers and three midterms. staying on top of the course material would be beneficial since the material builds on the previous. ed is also nice so go to his office hours if you need.', "ed is a great guy and he posts pdf notes online, but he don't always post the annotations. the lab was so hard in the beginning but they changed it half way through. he's really passionate about teaching and i enjoyed him a lot.", "great prof. easily understood, friendly, funny, well-organized. his tangents can get a little annoying during lectures, but overall he's the best cpsc prof i've had yet.", 'this guy is an absolute legend. one of the funniest profs i have had. very friendly and approachable too. his ability to explain concepts easily is admirable. his only weakness is that sometimes he tells so many funny stories/jokes that he has to rush the last bit of lecture a lot. so far i have taken 2 courses with him, i would take a 100 more.', 'great prof~! easy going & friendly~!']
["great prof, his lectures are very helpful and his explanations couldn't be clearer. assignments are very helpful and not very time consuming. an easy class to pass, whether you go to class or not, but if you want to get more than just a good grade (knowledge!!) then definitely attend the lectures.", 'assignments are long and arduous, but as long as you do them and understand them, the class will be fine. mike is a really nice guy and very willing to help students that are struggling with a concept. definitely go to his office hours in case something is hard to understand.', 'sux', "he's not a bad prof, the course is really hard.i would suggest not taking it in the summer because 6 months is not long enough to learn everything. he doesnt use the txt at all because he says it's confusing so he made up his own set of notes. lab material is a bit ahead so it's hard and instructions are very vague. he's trying his best though.", 'truly cares about his students and wants them to succeed.', 'one of the bestest profs in ubc computer science. he shows significant interests in computer systems. he is very knowledgeable and able to provide the best help you can get through lectures or from offline discussions (piazza discussion forum). and lastly, he marked our finals in 6 hours!!!! and our class average ended up greater than 80!!', "feeley makes an effort to teach tricky material well. the printed notes mean nothing if you don't pay attention. you will get out of the lectures what you put in to them - pay attention and you will learn a lot. he knows his stuff and is more than willing to help you learn it. very open to questions, and good at explaining concepts.", "awesome guy, helpful, always improves and always answers extra questions(even hard industry ones which most people don't take). cares a lot about students and how they perform. i would take this course again because you work hard but you when you finish you will feel like you just learned more than in all other courses combined.", 'a really good prof!!helpful and friendly,consider of students a lot and learned a lot from him.take his course with no regrets', "a super helpful and friendly instructor. make sure you get help from him asap if you don't understand something in class. the assignments were a lot of work...i don't know what i learned from them either. lol midterm was good. final was a bit harder. the course itself it's not easy, and mike tries to make it better. ;) good luck to you.", "mike is one of the best cs professors i've had at ubc. his lectures are fantastic and he explains everything very clearly (with a few dad jokes thrown in). if you ever get confused he is happy to answer questions and is super helpful in office hours as well. assignments and tests are challenging but you learn a lot!", 'he gives great lectures and really wants his students to succeed. i always appreciated when he told people off for talking/being distracting. i found this course pretty tough and the assignments were quite difficult, but if you have to take this class you should take it with this guy.', "if ever you don't understand something, which is possible given the course material, go to his office. schedule time with him if you have to. he is very patient and very helpful. he will easily explain anything you want one-on-one.", "mike is one of the best profs i have at ubc. i hope to take class again with him in the future. he sincerely cares and is willing to help when you need it. but if you just want to coast and not put in much work you probably won't like him or the course. very knowledgable and obviously knows his stuff.", 'nice guy, teaches a bit too complex for the lower lvl courses. final friggin hard.', 'he mumbles a lot, and makes mistakes on his slides a lot. other than that, a very good prof.', "amazing prof. the class is dead silent when he teaches. he commands respect, makes you work a lot but makes the subject super interesting and enjoyable. hardest course i've taken up until now but also the most enjoyable.", 'he is a computer science professor and is extremely dedicated to computer science. hence he sticks strictly to the marking rubrics when marking essays.', 'great prof, nice guy and very accomodating. his first time teaching this course, so it was a bit bumpy. tends to underestimate exam difficulty (or overestimate our intellegence). great 1 on 1. his rendition of 218 is quite a bit harder than previous years', 'pretty chill', 'mike feely is just good, clear speaker in his lectures and genuinely cares for his students. we asked for an extension as a class for an assignment and he was reasonable to give us one.', 'the greatest professor i have ever had the pleasure to study under. he is a joy to have in the classroom and he has brought up my confidence and openness of mind 100 fold. he makes my life worth living.', "great course. the material overlaps a bit with 213, but there's a lot of new stuff. mike feeley makes the material very clear and the course format (short quizzes) really helps you keep up.", 'he was alright.', 'mike is one of my favourite cs profs! he definitely takes the time to teach you the content and his lectures are super engaging! i would highly recommend taking any courses with him. the assignments are challenging, but totally doable if you pay attention in class. only critique i have is that sometimes the lecture material is behind in assignment.', 'good teacher in class, makes things very clear and interesting. however, very unorganized and takes forever to grade.', 'very interesting lectures; focuses on confusing subjects; have to pay attention the entire lecture or else you get lost easily; gives grade boosts', 'good prof, class is interesting if you like the material. attandance is important since it is hard to understand the notes by itself. assignments are interesting. exams are very related to the notes.', 'interesting class.', "great prof! his lectures are engaging and informative. he's super nice and and patient if you go to his office hours! he's a fair grader and grades closely to the rubrics.", 'great course! great professor!', "very good at understanding student concerns and questions, but doesn't get thrown off topic. very well-prepared for class with well-though-out teaching material. assignments go on forever, but they teach you so much that it's worth it.", 'he is the best!', "mike is a great speaker. honestly, this course is one of the toughest i've taken so far. the labs (assignments) are very time consuming and the concepts can take a long time to fully grasp and understand. but still, i learned a lot from this course, and i recommend taking this with mike :)", 'feeley is the ultimate dad. on the first day of class he spent an entire 15 minutes wrestling with his laptop to get an animation on one of his slides to work: a singing, dancing lobster. he certainly knows his stuff about systems, but he\'s a terrible speller, and there\'s only so many times you can use "foo" as an example on your slides.', 'amazing', 'extremely helpful instructor, however seemed distracted at times.', "mike feeley is a world class computer science professor. that's all you need to know.", "feeley is sweet. he is easy going, kind, and smart. do not buy the textbook. i didn't open it once because i attended class and ended up with an a. exams and assignments are straightforward - students just complicate them. ask questions if he ever confuses you.", 'interesting but very challenging class. mike is revamping the way it is taught. there is a hard main project that some students find frustrating or that make them feel helpless to grasp the material in 1mth (summer). mike tries hard to help & makes himself available as resource -even attends labs. curr text not helpful but new text is on its way.', 'cool guy, so glad i took 213 with him. also very fair and kind to students', 'very disorganized and takes a long time to mark things. cool guy though.', 'great prof, pretty modest and honestly cares about his students. easy to talk to and explains the course material in a very easy to understand way, i have him again this semester for cpsc 213 and he teaches it well too.', 'tough course, great prof. wish i had paid more attention in class...', 'great prof who cares about his students. assignments can be challenging at times, but exams are very fair. also very friendly and helpful in office hours!', "pretty cool, structured lectures. office hours are amazing, and he's a great guy with a genuine attitude. he does have a ton of typos though, and isn't the best lecturer, but he'll take the time to teach you everything you need to know if you try as well . his companion is also godly."]
['great prof. had lots of humorous comments and was very easy to approach with questions.', 'kurt is hands down one of the best computer science professors at ubc. cpsc 221 was great with him.', 'great, funny prof, easy exams, cant get much better than that', 'i rarely call anyone the "best", but i think he probably is the best professor i\'ve had in computer science. hilarious jokes, witty, and very clear lectures. it was also easy to get high marks if you simply keep up. but most importantly, i feel he made coming to class worthwhile and interesting. highly recommended.', "not bad. like what everyone else said, he definately could have covered a lot more in the course. but then again, maybe he didn't cover too much because this was only an introductory a.i. course. excellent online summary notes.", "what an enjoyable class! i laughed so much! i also learned a lot. his slides use simple, concise english to explain the ideas. this was one of the few classes i've taken in which i learned more from the lecture than the textbook. usually, things come together when i read the text. in eiselt's class, things came together in lecture.", "well, what an amazing professor. he taught really well, and if you understand everything he teaches, then you don't need to even revise for the exams. a lot about it is understanding, so if you understand it then you don't need to worry", "kurt is amazing! i never thought i'd like programming but am now considering switching minors. anticipates problems in his lecture. cpsc 111 in the summer is a lot of work, but rewarding- prepare to spend ~6-10 hours a day on assignments sometimes. exams are reasonable. tas are awesome- can't remember how many times they've saved my project at 1am!", 'an exemplar to all other professors. easily one of the finest gentlemen to ever teach. it would be to my satisfaction to have dr. eiselt replace all other computer science faculty members, as they are no longer necessary.', 'kurt is very approachable. always listens to what you have to say. great examples in class, especially those pre-midterm review sessions, what a life saver. i have to take compsci to satisfy my degree requirements, but am relieved that i got kurt as my prof.', "honestly the best prof i've ever had. he only taught the first half, but i wish he taught the whole class. he was crystal clear in his explanations, and kept the class interesting with humour.", 'very good course. you get to work with a team. the success of your term project will depend on your entire team. get to know your team members from the start, and make sure everyone is working hard, and you will succeed!', 'focuses on concepts and clearly conveys them. downright hilarious, lectures were enjoyable.', "at first i wasn't going to take this course, but i am glad that i did. kurt is an awesome teacher who really cares about his students. in addition, he makes the course interesting, and entertaining at the same time. the midterms and final were fair-most of the questions were based on the lectures and assignments. there was nothing unpredictable.", 'dr eiselt is awesome! i would take another course with him. he is strict about part marks, but overall a great lecturer and person in general. i will say one thing though, he uses a mac and thinks it is the only way to go. this is annoying to me, as i only deal with the best, so i stay away from mac computers. system.out.println(&quot;kurt is awesome&quot;);', 'great lecturer, very helpful and interesting to listen to. looking forward to taking another class from him next term.', 'kurt is amazing! he is such a happy guy and his classes are interesting. he uses fun examples and ensures that the class understands what he is teaching. he is funny, and is in tune with the students. he knows when to slow down and give extra help. exams were very fair and much help was offered for homework and labs. such a great experience!', "great instructor to have in the mornings. his lectures are interesting and he's funny, so you start your day off on a good note. he's enthusiastic about computer science and is a good instructor to have if computer science is something you like.", 'hilarious prof. very clear and precise when explaining course materials. uses interesting programming examples.', "really clear and easy to follow slides. he is hilarious and sarcastic, which made class really interesting. he is honestly really easy, if you go to class and understand what is to be expected, you'll probably get an a.", 'fair&honest, he is the one that you would never forget in your life, we have to say thank you ubc for this prof.he (unlike most of the prof in ubc)really tries to help people to enjoy of the time that they spend in school not suffer.one of the characteristic of a good prof is to teach you big picture and to lead you to study details,&he dose that.', 'kurt presents java programming in an interesting and humorous manner. his powerpoints are very thorough at explaining the concepts and their applications. in-class practice problems were very beneficial in preparing for midterms. three assignments, the latter two being extremely time consuming; but these are common to all sections. final had exactl', "great teacher, he makes the class fun. had really interesting assignments to, which makes coding alot more fun. the only problem with kurt is his courses are too easy... he doesn't go into deep anything and you can do pretty well just winging his tests. but lots of people like that... his teaching style is great!!! very interesting!", "kurt is a great prof. really cares about the students, and if anybody needs help or has a question he's always right there to make sure it's answered. exams are pretty easy if you understand the basics. it's a hard course so that's appreciated. friendly, funny prof. i do recommend taking classes with him.", 'smart, funny, and nice', 'great professor, i especially love how he went out of his way to try and bring us interesting facts about programming to captivate us (he spent half a lecture once showing us different vending machines), you do learn a lot with him though, and he goes through everything very clearly', "he's good at demonstrating the actual programming in lectures so that people with no background in computer science could get the new concept more easily. he's funny and is able to bring students with high interest about the course. he's very creative, responsible, and helpful. thx kurt.", "cpsc 221 is a very rewarding course and kurt is an excellent prof. clear, engaging lectures, an excellent slide deck, and fair exams. you can't ask for much more!", 'amazing, amazing professor. he should keep teaching the course; was pretty clear in lectures and his ta teams are always top notch', "very interesting in class. you won't fall asleep even early in the morning :)", 'relaxed; a little bit different from the ubc norm of hammernig out the material, gerat when you get used to it. takes pains to put excellent lecture summaries on the web. i might want to have a cold one in my hand while attending, but hey, i can do with a bit of a break in my schedule.', 'clear presentation of concepts, and most importantly humourous. the course is pretty difficult and a bit dull at times, involving lots of work. but he definitely made the best out of it.', 'quite clear and concise but can be long winded at times. he never lost my interest even though it was a morning class', 'fanstastic prof. take a course with him if you can.', 'amazing prof! so funny and enthusiastic when teaching. jokes all the time so class never gets too boring. exams and assignments were not hard at all as long as you keep on top of things and study!', 'kurt made my day almost every lecture i went to.had it not been for him teaching us i would not have attended the lectures too often. he jokes a lot and the lectures are very informal. we even got to play boardgames on the lectures! awesome assigments made it really fun programming - even though prolog or haskell is not the most exciting languages!', 'awesome prof. funny and humorous. love the lecture slides.', 'it was his first time teaching this course, but man kurt can teach anything! very clear lectures, great teaching style, and fair exams. one of the best profs in comp sci!', 'good prof!', "his class was very easy and laidback. i took it because i needed a cpsc course to complete my degree and was pleasantly surprised to get a professor who didn't speak like a robot. i'd highly recommend any course taught by him.", 'despite his lack of comic timing, presents material in an easy to learn manner and tests on what we did in class and homework. only complaint is that he wastes too much time in class and is not able to cover as much or as in depth as he could otherwise.', 'pretty solid prof! with paul carter\'s screen casts for "pre-reading", he does a pretty good explanation of anything extra that may be confusing, but doesn\'t spend too long on obvious things.', 'awesome prof. engaging, funny, and clear speaker.', "i think being fair like, kurt's moving to a new place. i think he could be more symphathetic towards exchange students though. overall, i really enjoyed his class and his jokes. eventhough he didn't go into alot of detail. i still think its a great introductory course!", "you learn so much from kurt's class because he is a great teacher! his slides are extremely clear and useful, and he seems to know exactly where students might get stuck so he explains and teaches you before you run into the problem. his assignments are fun and challenging. he has a great sense of humor and remembers how it's like to be a student.", 'great sense of humor', "best prof i have ever had, here's your chili pepper.", 'no more no say, a great american prof', "kurt is an awesome prof!! he actually cares about his students and creates such a friendly learning environment. he's entertaining as well, which made the 9am classes enjoyable! i highly recommend learning from him."]
['he cares about all students and willing to answer you any questions. really want to take his course again!', "amazing guy - one of the best professor i've ever had. easy going and friendly, overall a precious blessing to all. does everything in his power to help us succeed in a difficult course. i struggled a lot but he motivated and inspired me to endure it.", "great explanations. make sure you go to class to really learn what is going on. the videos can only help so much. also very helpful during office hours so if you're ever confused, go!!!", "he truly cares about his students by providing extra problems and review sessions. if you are taking cpsc 110, take it with him. the class is very hard, but it's not because of the prof: the material is just difficult regardless of who's teaching.", 'he genuinely cares about his students and puts in the time and effort to ensure everyone understands and is more than willing to set up meeting times outside of class time and office hours to help you succeed.', "a very kind guy. his lectures were entertaining and he made going over the stuff that we already watched in the videos less boring. he made a course that can be somewhat hard much easier. lots of office hours as well, so that's a plus. if you want a great cpsc 110 experience, try and get a spot in anthony's section. you won't regret it!", 'anthony is just the best, i have taken 110 &amp; 221 with him and he had made these classes amazing. not only did he put an enormous amount of work in every day to make a comprehensive powerpoint for lectures, he also made worksheets for every lecture that give us practice in class. his marking is very fair and he truly cares for his students', "anthony is the best computer science prof there is!! he's kind and truly wants his students to succeed. his lectures are very clear and he makes sure everyone understands before moving along! 10/10 would recommend you to take his classes :)", "fantastic professor! very accessible, really cares about his students. he offers so much help, and learnt many of his 200 hundred students names. made so much review for us and the week of the exam he held like 7 tutorial sessions, and was available all day, everyday including the weekend before the exam. you have to work hard, but he's great!!!", 'i think he cares about my learning more than my mom does :) joke aside, very dedicated to help students. very reasonable.', 'he is the best humanity has to offer.', 'absolutely great guy. very dedicated and helpful.', 'really good prof, caring, respected.', "great prof. willing to help out after lectures / office hours. he'll explain everything quite clearly. really cares about his students.", "he's like the dream prof lol. really passionate and always helpful", "anthony cares so much about his students. puts a lot of time in outside of class with office hours to help students. would hold extra hours the weekend before the midterms and final. really good with names. explains topics clearly and encourages student involvement in lectures. might be the best prof i've ever had.", 'a gem!!!! he is the best prof ive ever had. so accessible outside of class, he even puts up extra office hours the weekend before finals and midterms (even though it was thanksgiving). he also seems genuinely interested in helping his students explore this class. this was not an easy class but anthony helped make it better!!', "cpsc 110 is basically a self-study but his lectures always helped me piece together the things i learned through the online course material. great prof. anthony is like the luke skywalker to gregor's obi-wan. don't worry, this will make sense after you take this course.", "he's a really nice guy!", 'anthony is the best prof you can ask for. 110 is full of new material (at least 2.5 times a normal course although). anthony did great with the amazing lectures. his sections for 110 outperform other ones. he is also very accessible and gives good advice outside of class. very funny too', "anthony truly cares about his students. he's always available after class or in office hours and answers any question you might have; he makes you feel understood. also, he's a strong lecturer. the lectures are 'flipped classroom' and he does a great job of breaking down comprehensive practice problems in class that really prep you for exams.", 'great teacher and spends a lot of time getting to know his students.', "he's very kind and friendly outside classrooms. very good lecturer and pauses for questions all the time. definitely recommended!", 'he is the best professor i have ever had and probably will ever have. he is gold. he like seeing his students succeed and cares about you. i am impressed. there is no better professor in the world than him.', "best prof i've ever had at ubc, course is hard but his lectures and support make everything clear.i will miss having anthony as a prof, he was the only prof i ever felt like i really had a friendship with, and who would always go overtime in office hours and stay as long as it took to help me, without ever making me feel like he was in a rush to go", "by far the best prof i've had at ubc so far. cs in seemed intimidating at first, but the two different teaching styles in gregor's videos and anthonys lectures helped me understand the course better and really inspired me to like cs. anthony also had a lot of office hrs so u could go ask qs and do problem sets there with a nice group of people.", 'awesome prof, lectures are clear and easy to follow. he is also really helpful during office hours and really cares about his students!', "estey was my favorite teacher this term - he's super nice and cares about his students, going above and beyond to make sure they're prepared for every midterm, problem set, and the final. i never went to his office hours, but anthony goes way out of his way to make himself available to students if they have any questions. take 110 with him!", "this course is a lot of work and can be challenging at times, but i can't imagine a better prof than dr. estey. really deeply cares about student learning, takes time out of his day to make students feel valued. he even scheduled extra structured tutorials and tons of office hours in prep for the final, can't recommend highly enough, absolute gem.", 'this was my first formal cs class at ubc, and i have to say that anthony made it really welcoming. although i struggled in the beginning, i managed to pick up myself through the hard times. he genuinely wants to help you in class. i really grew to enjoy programming after taking this class and would love to have another class with him in the future.', 'i love anthony!!! he is the best prof ever. super nice, approachable and easy midterms and finals as long as you do the practice. highly recommended.', 'amazing prof, that definitely cares about his students. holds so many office hours, and makes plenty of time for personal studying no matter how behind you are. the course is definitely a large workload, but he makes it manageable as possible.', "he makes me love cpsc!! the best lecturer i've ever had, who is willing to devote extra office hours (even during weekends) before exams. he explains programming clearly and really wants to ensure everyone gets it. his paper is easier relevant to gregor. the online video is time-consuming but helpful for students with no prior cs background", 'just a really nice prof overall. lectures are often a rehash of the videos, but are useful nonetheless; he goes over examples in class. holds lots of office hours, sometimes even on weekends. really recommend him.', "really care about his students. will try his best to explain and make things clear if you are confused. no doubt the nicest prof i've ever had in my life.", "anthony is one of the best professors i've ever had at ubc", 'anthony is such a legend', "he seems to care about student's success. the lecture is solid but only tiny drawback for me is that at his lecture/speaking becomes quite fast after 30 minutes of the lectures or so. overall, pretty effective.", 'great professor and person. lectures can get a tiny bit boring, but he explains things well and really cares about you. a+ would recommend.', "this guy is the most amazing prof that i have seen up to date from when i entered ubc. his lectures are superb, and he takes time to work through his problems. he's always an hour or two early for his class so you can ask him any questions. he remembers all his students by their names and is a real dedicated prof.", "anthony is awesome! he makes difficulty concepts easy to understand. you can even email him to make an appointment and discuss what you don't understand. usually you can just work on problems during office hour and ask him questions if you get stuck. he will patiently look at what you have and explain and fix your errors hahaha!! he is really good!", 'no words can be used to describe him better than &quot;awesome&quot;! take him for sure!', 'he found it hard to talk to and understand me, but you might not have this problem. he was hazy when helping me, but this could be my fault. nevertheless, i appreciated how good his explanations were, even if he went too fast for us to be able to code and learn without hand-holding.', 'he is the best prof i ever had at ubc. strongly recommend.', "the most caring prof i had at ubc. i really hope that i'm able to continue in cs and take more classes with him. he has very hands-on lectures, and he is always willing to glance over your code after class if you can't figure out what's going wrong. his office hours are an amazing resource as well.", "if you are taking cpsc110, do yourself a favour and go to anthony's section (even if you're not registered in it). the course itself is hard, but anthony is amazing! he truly cares for his students' success and will go to extra lengths to make sure we are doing okay and understand the material. he is very approachable and explains things well.", 'fantastic professor that always takes time to help students when he can. he spent at least 12 hours in office hours before the midterms and explains complicated concepts so clearly. he makes an effort to remember your name/ form a connection and is so approachable inside and outside of lecture. made 213 (kind of a scary course) enjoyable!', 'nice.', "one of the best teachers i've ever had. when i first decided to take 110, it was just to see what all the computer science fuss was about. i had never done anything related to computer science before, but he inspired me to try to pursue it as a major. what i liked most was going to his office hours - he was helpful, funny, and genuinely caring.", 'genuinely cares about helping students learn the material. very approachable, funny and kind. his lectures are very clear. totally awesome prof.', "anthony is a good prof. he's a great prof. in fact, he's so great that all of my friends started going to his class, leaving me alone in the other section. you may think that you had friends, but then it turns out that they're actually anthony's friends. the moral of the story is that anthony will steal your friends and with good reason too! :-)", 'he is really caring. when you see him walking around, he can talk to everyone in the building. it means that he remembers students (faces/names). just had a midterm, he knew i did poorly without me saying so, because he checked my paper and had expectation on me. i honestly feel blessed and lucky to be in his section. also straightforward lecture.']
["i don't understand the previous rater's comments!! kim is awesome. i was in that class and attended every lecture and there was nothing that she couldn't answer. in fact, i was impressed with how much she knew. amazing professor. i will take as many classes with her as i can.", 'best teacher ever!! she spends lots of time answering questions and is extremely helpful!', 'kim is definitely one of the nicer instructors i have encountered in the 3 years i have been at ubc. she made her expectations very clear and did an adequate job of explaining the concepts. the midterm and the final were definitely fair, and she is a fair marker without a doubt! i definitely recommend her!', "she's one of the best profs i have had so far. very engaging, witty, and not overly enthusiastic. i sleep in/skip pretty much all my classes but i looked forward to her lectures every week. her assignments/midterms/finals aren't easy though. if only she teaches all the cs classes. highly recommended.", 'she is nothing but just easy. she is very kind. but she is not knowledgeable at all. although cs subjects intersects with math a lot, she cannot answer any of math related question. you can get an a easily with her, but you wont learn anything. she should not be teaching at ubc.', "one of the nicest prof's i've had. her door is always open and she's always happy to answer questions. labs can be extremely frustrating and the assignments are challenging - in a fun way - but the midterm and final are pretty easy. overall, i definitely recommend choosing a section that she teaches.", "very engaging lecturer, very knowledgeable, clearly enthusiastic, and will go out of her way for you if you ask for help. i honestly have no criticism for this prof, and cannot recommend her highly enough. and come on people, vote hot. she's pretty!", "wow. not many profs know what they're doing and love teaching it, too.", "fantastic teacher who makes a 2.5hr lecture worth it. works well with a high paced summer course, always takes time to offer answers to questions (in class and outside), and makes an effort to do so. she's a person who doesn't see teaching as a thing she's forced to do. kimberly voll is someone you want to learn from. a good person and good teach.", 'easily the best professor i have ever had at ubc. always available for questions/help with the material and she has a way of explaining things to anyone so that they make sense. very fair and considerate.', "easily communicates her enthusiasm for cognitive science. wide knowledge of subject's history, philosophies, technologies, and current events. emphasizes discussion and student initiative in her teaching style, making classes entertaining and intellectually rewarding.", 'good instructor. lays information out clearly. exams are fair and straighforward. she will definately take the time to make complex ideas more comprehensible.', 'she is the best professor ever! all profs should treat their students the way she does. she is helpful and knowledgeable. you actually learn the material with her.', "really great! she's an awesome prof who really makes the class worth attending!", 'i have to say, she is awesome! the bestest, the nicest prof i had in my 4 years at ubc! she is so hug able and sweet, very smart woman, and so passionate with all the courses she teaches! very understanding of students, so helpful in office hour and webct and even with boring subjects, she makes them so much fun, that you dont want to miss a class.', "dr. voll's class is awesome. i feel like i've learned so much already. it's challenging, though, and you have to practice, but she's really committed to helping in office hours and her lectures help a lot, too!", "kim and kurt are the best profs i've had at ubc. she is really nice, and she communicates her expectations fair and square. she definitely makes you do the work, but nothing that came from her was unreasonable. if you do the work, you will do fine because she is fair on assignments and exams. she tells funny stories and has a sense of humour.", 'shes really good at clarifying stuff and has a genuine interest in what she teaches', "kim is awesome. i'm in 4th year and she is hands down the best prof i've had at ubc so far. she's extremely nice, very enthusiastic and will answer your questions even at 2am. she is simply the perfect prof. take any course she teaches.", "an undergraduate instructor who is both well-prepared and gives a cogent lecture&#63; unbelievable. it true though. she's solid.", 'very very good prof, amazing ability to teach.. excellent course for those beginning or wanting an introduction to comp sci..her marking is fair and easy, work is not hard at all either...', 'awesome prof! first day she came in happy, telling jokes (decent ones too, not just lame stupid stuff), and was really clear. totally reasonable with questions, concerns etc. throughout the course, and was always willing to help! highly highly recommended.', "definitely the best prof i've ever had. she is always helpful and her class is fun. don't really need to buy the textbook, her lecture slide is sufficient. however, the only negative thing i would say is that sometimes there are questions in the lecture slide, but she doesn't provide the answer!", 'she is very cute!', "the best prof i've ever had! she's funny, inspiring and considerate of her students. even though the class ended at 5:00 (which is pretty late for me) i absolutely enjoyed every minute of it!", 'so helpful!!!!!! best prof yet! :d', 'she is a sweetheart!', "you won't regret taking courses with her. i've taken cpsc 221 and cogs 200 and she always shows care and patience towards the students. she's the best prof i've had in my undergrad year. i'd definitely recommend her. not only she's nice, but she really wants you to grasp the concepts. i'm really grateful that i had her for cpsc.", "awesome! she clearly knows what she is talking about and she makes it really fun and interesting. the most helpful prof i have encountered at ubc, if you need to turn something in late or make up a quiz, she is great about it. make sure you check online for announcements though, that's her main mode of communication.", 'you simply cannot be this professor. she is the most energetic, helpful and enthusiastic prof i have had yet.', 'the best cpsc prof!', "seriously one of the best profs at ubc. she is unbelievably approachable and does her best to help her students succeed. going to class and labs is important, and staying on top of your work - there is a lot. she's a fair marker and makes fair exams. i would absolutely recommend this for filling a science requirement.", 'definitely the best prof i have had at ubc. lectures are very clear and well planned out, and she goes way above and beyond to ensure her students learn the material and get the extra help they need. not to mention she is an awesome and brilliant person too! she makes the course fantastic!', 'wonderful teacher.', 'agree with all previous posts that she is the most approachable and nicest prof i have met at ubc. i took this course in the summer, and i think the pace is just ok. the material itself is relatively easy,and her midterms are pretty easy. and the final might be a bit hard, but not really. but the assignents might take lots of time, i really recomme', 'she is an extremely caring and helpful professor who wants all of her students to succeed. as well, she is very active on the discussion boards, and she gives fair exams and assignmenets. easily one of the best instructors you will ever get!', 'she has the best teaching style. i often wondered during lectures if she has a phd in education, too, as well in the class she is teaching (cognitive science). yes, she is that good! always available, and she simply just knows how to explain things so anyone can understand. outstanding!', "dr. kim has a remarkable way of explaining things so that anyone can understand. she's kind, considerate and knows her stuff inside and out. not to mention a brilliant gal.", 'awesome prof, simple essays, easy tests. genuine interest in her feild, fun and funny.', 'the best prof i have ever seen at ubc. during the past fours years of study in three different fields i have rarely attended any class since many profs are not helpful. cpsc 260 was different though! i attended every single lecture! kimberly is an awesome prof! no words can describe how helpful she is. best prof ever!', 'kim is quite simply the best. its amazing having a professor at ubc that actually cares about whtether or not you succeed and kim sure does!', 'probably one of the best profs not just in the cpsc department, but at ubc. i took this course in summer, so material was very fast but she still managed to teach very effectively. has great concern for her students and does as much as possible to help. the course itself is tough so its still your responsibility to keep up with labs and readings.', 'enough said, she is the best! =d', 'she is just awesome........... awesome', 'no matter what course she teaches, it is always enjoyable. she is a wonderful professor! kim is so passionate about everything she teaches, and the assignments are always interesting. her teaching methods are never confusing or overcomplicated. unlike some other professors, she is good at what she does, and she does a good job at teaching it.', "i don't know if this course is just super easy or if kim is the best prof ever or if i am just good at programming, but i came in with zero experience and this course was a breeze.", "i haven't completed this course yet but so far she seems like an easygoing nice prof. the only thing is that she has too much unnecessary stuff to say which makes what is important not so clear. i'm bit worried about learning materials from her", 'the course itself is hard but she tries to teach it as well as possible. i am not much of a listener in class so i had difficulty following her lecture, though other students will find her much better than the other professors teaching this course. i think the best part of her is that she is more than willing to help during office hours. take her!', "i wish every prof at ubc was like her. she is the most dedicated prof i've seen at ubc in my 2 years so far. she takes her time answering every question you might have. assignments are challenging though.", 'very helpful. she will reply to any email as soon as possible. has many office hours but you can book an appointment with her if you need to. makes a lot of good relevant jokes. her lectures are worth attending. she convinced me indirectly to change majors to computer science.', 'one of best profs in cs']
["great prof, boring course you'll be dreaming of the functions calling each other", 'exam grading structure is quite unfair. equivalent points are deducated for every wrong answer, so this is a double whammy which brings your grade down. i.e., 7/10 correct, you are deducted 3 points for the 3 incorrect for a mark of 4/10.', 'the course is easy to start with and his notes is very well organized. his exam is all based on his notes so come to class!!! also, there is not much reading to do.', "a fantastic prof! i really enjoyed his course, and he is very patient. sitting in one of khan-gura's classes is like being in shan-grala!", 'he is a wicked teacher and i love his beard it is so nice and thick. i love when he turns around and shows his ass. the night we went out for coffee was the best and i never wanted it to end. i love him!! signed: persian princess!', "harinder's a pretty cool prof, but some of his assignments are just crazy. we had one which contradicted itself in multiple locations, and the assignments are often too big to do well in a reasonable amount of time. there's also an assignment due at midnight the night before the final... definitely not cool. ah, the joys of summer.", 'the instructor is of a very good quality but: *the lectures notes are very week and often do not reflect the real world picture *the material covered is very shallow, by asking questions you do not get the real answers. bottom line: taling courses is fun but not very informing', 'very easy course. prof is very easy to understand and gives very clear notes. as long as you have all the notes you can do well in the class.', "very nice, very responsible, fair test, long lab hr but 4 credits worthwhile!!!! o! and don't buy the textbook, save some $$$", 'wow!! his notes are so clear!! very easy to understand!! he is a great prof...fair midterm and final. the labs for this course are not that hard...just requires thinking. once u complete a lab, you feel you learned a lot!', 'this prof is really really nice and helpful. exams are straight-forward and relatively not too difficult. remember to read the text for the final.', 'dont take this course as a science credit! its such a waste of time and its not as easy as what everyone else says it is', "although he's a huge leaf's fan, he's a pretty good prof...of course, it helps that a 3 year old could get an a in cpsc100 but hey...who cares&#63; i don't think i even went to class and i got an a.", 'this course is easy but not that easy as everyone says it is. you really have to go over his lecture notes in order to do well on his midterm and final.make sure you do not screw up since this is a 4-credit course.', 'stupid course, but nice professor', 'tests are fair, always willing to help', 'good prof and tests are fair. assignments help alot for preparation for tests and generally a good intro course to take. lots of interesting facts.', 'good', "very well organized, concise, and clear. tests methodically covered all sections of the lecture. labs were time consuming, but not impossible (ave. 10hrs per lab). harinder has since moved to sfu; ubc's loss.", 'the problem is once you miss the lecture, you miss the notes, and you miss it all!notes is the only thing you can depend on', 'he knows so much and is patient and clear and a nice guy. really a great prof.', "excellent prof. clear and organized notes. relevant assignments and labs (though labs are long). exams were completely based on the material taught in class. i learned a lot and was rewarded with my best mark yet. that's the way i like it.", 'the most organized notes out of any class i have ever taken. easy to follow lectures. tests are mostly straight from the notes which is the way it should be.', "notes and lectures are extremely clear and easy to understand. tests are very fair imo, and are based directly off the lectures, but there are some 'deeper understanding' questions on exams as well. so understand, don't just memorize the material. well-organized, helpful prof. a+", 'nice prof, clear explanations, easy exams', 'i love this guy, probably one of the best professor at ubc', "after taking this course, i know so much more about computers(not like i don't kno anythin in the first place).bet i kno more bout comps than u ppl who didn't take it.his exams are relatively easy and his notes clear and organized.my ta was good too, but the programming part was a bit tricky.", 'very clear and organized prof. he went through things very methodically and slowly which could be good or bad depending on what kind of student you are.', 'very clear exlplanation! a++. great notes! every prof should learn from this guy! seriously! i really learned a lot from this class!', "harinder's lectures and notes r great. he is also very apporachable and helpful. hardiner is recommended~~", 'interesting, informative, and well-structured course for those with little or no cpsc background. he is possibly one of the best professors at ubc.instructs in a clear and concise manner that any competent individual can comprehend and achieve a good grade.professors like him come few and far in between at ubc; take the opportunity while you can.', 'very nice prof., course represented very clearly. five-star rating', 'good notes, easy to follow lectures. very helpful.', 'easy course.. very straightforward. no surprises on exams', 'good lecture notes. he is very friendly and helpful. explain things clearly. interesting lectures. useful lab exercises. tests are based on his lecture notes. a good prof!!', 'his lecture are very straight forward and easy to intrepret. the labs however are super long and are very frustrating. this course is not as easy as most people say it is, because it isnt', 'good course and he taught it well.', 'a wonderfurl human being in every sense of the word, and the cutest.', 'awesome...one of my only a courses at ubc lol', 'harinder is a great professor, but sucks at hockey...go flames go!']
['omg do yourself a favour and take a course with him. he is so passionate about teaching that i can feel the energy coming from him. really helpful after class and very clear in teaching. he is really knowledgeable and can communicate it effectively. loved his class. probably the best prof i has so far.', "can't really ask for more. he said he loves teaching. exams are hard.", 'excellent guy; often away on business. fun, clear lectures, and exams are *not* particularly difficult. routinely disorganized. strongly recommended', 'somewhat stuck up in lectures, follows on-line notes to the letter, why go&#63;', 'definitly recommend taking 315 with him. best damn prof around', "great prof. one of the 3 best at ubc imo. very helpful after class if you need it, but you probably won't because his explanations are great. if you come to the lectures, you shouldn't have any problems with the tests either.", 'great prof, too bad he only did one class, if he teaches again definitely sign up.', "best teacher i've ever had.", 'great guy. invented webct.', "excellent professor. he's energetic, enthustiastic, and brings clarity to the topic he discusses. his silicon chalk program still needs some kinks worked out but having full recordings of his lectures definately helped my studies.", 'like a talk show, late on posting class lec. notes, cancelled 3 classes in a row', 'awsome guy. way to go.', "he's a great teacher. i definately recommend taking cpsc 315 with him.", 'a motivated and energetic proff. interacts well with students and stimulates to think.', 'very helpful and very fun. one of the best prof in compsci', 'one of the best com sci prof. super-energetic! i really love his lecture :)', 'great guy!', 'we love murray! keep teaching murray!', 'a pretty funny guy', 'awesome teacher with great enthusiasm and interest in the course. exams were fair and assignments, though challenging, actually made you learn stuff.', "i love this guy. seems like a genius, super clear, and very human. he's the guy that invented webct. murray, will you father my child&#63; :-)", 'the best prof i had', 'great prof, usefull and interesting course', 'busy on his ceo job, so have little time for the course, but good at teaching']
["maybe the best prof i've had at ubc. 340 is not an easy course by any measure and has lots of stuff; but mike and his team nailed it!", 'mike is wonderful, and ml is awesome. cares about students, obviously knows his stuff.', "mike is a great professor. i had him for apsc 160. his lectures are well structured and easy to follow. being a coding class, some people may find his courses difficult. but if you watch the screen casts (also very well made and easy to follow), then the class shouldn't be too difficult.", "amazing prof! make sure you take any classes with him if you ever get the opportunity to. it wasn't an easy course, but i've never learned so much in a course and continually wanted to learn more.", "mike's not only a great lecturer, but very accommodating in office hours. he's got a real knack for explaining tough concepts, and you can tell he really cares about his students.", "mike is a great lecturer, and clearly cares about students. go to office hours, he's more than happy to explain concepts. 340 is not easy, but it's super interesting and mike does a great job teaching it.", 'such a caring and inspiration prof. his lecture style really helped me (encourages discussion about material and focuses on making sure we actually learn), literally every lecture was worth going to. he explained difficult topics very clearly, seriously wish he taught all my courses. if you have a chance to take a course with him, do it!', 'mike is the best professor in ubc.', 'best prof ever!', 'all around awesome person and professor.', 'really cares about student learning and presents material in an interesting way.', 'absolutely one of the best profs in ubc i have ever had.', "mike was a phenomenal professor and probably the most genuinely caring instructor i've ever learnt from. his lectures were fantastic and i always looked forward to them. he's an extremely genuine prof without an ego which is really rare. if you get the chance to learn from him, don't pass it up. one thing to know is that he assigns a lot of work!", 'exams are fair and he really cares about his students.', "mike is a great instructor! very clearly passionate about the material. tough course but i would've done much worse without his teaching. lots of long assignments but they were core to helping me understand the material. hope the department can manage to keep him around cause he's great.", 'cool prof doing a good job for his first year at ubc. easy a class even for non-programmers.. watch screencasts and do in-class assignments and it should be a breeze.', 'mike is the best for sure!', 'great caring prof, fair assessments but prepare for the work you will have to do. genuine guy and you can tell he cares about his students.', "he's a very caring and engaging prof, would definitely recommend taking 340 under him! lectures are interesting and he's a dope guy in general.", "great teacher and nice classes. didn't even know what coding was until his lectures and now i want to take other comp sci classes. he is very helpful when you ask him questions but doesn't appreciate being asked the same question by multiple students via email, so try to ask others around you before hand or even during class. looks like frodo.", 'very easy course - michael is a great professor and explains programming concepts clearly. just watch the screencasts before class, take some notes, and you will do perfectly fine.', "mike is a great person and truly inspirational! assignments are challenging and do take up time but don't let that put you down. they are fun!! if you have an interest in the course material, you will be making a huge mistake not taking his class! take it, trust me dude :)! mike da real mvp", "i people complaining about how hard the exams are, and i disagree. mike's exams are much more focused on theory which provides a necessary contrast from the more practical assignments. both may be hard, but i feel that the exams and assignments were some of the most fair, interesting, and well written of any course i've ever taken."]
['lecture is slow and boring but prof is clear. very helpful office hours.', 'our class was hillarious and she did quite an effective job of teaching the subject. (running dinosaur anyone&#63;)', 'moves quickly through topics', 'whatcha guys talking about&#63; shes cool!', 'excellent interaction with the class, but "architected" isn\'t a word! ;)', "awesome teacher. one of the best course i've taken.", 'great prof always there to help when you need it. just sent and e-mail and she was always there from me.', 'very nice', 'very clear & helpful in understanding material.', 'great teacher who loves to help her students.', 'best prof ever! she is very patient with her students, she responds very fast to either email or piazza questions. also very considerate of her students, one of the nicest profs ever. the tests are reasonable.', 'excellent prof! well-organized course materials and always helpful', "dr. murphy did a fantastic job teaching cpsc 210. it was not an easy course, but she was really good at explaining concepts. go to her office hours if you're confused about something. she's a total sweetheart and would be more than willing to help you. about the class, it's a bit difficult, but doable.", 'very tentative to students', 'the lectures were clear and she was accessible. there were too many lecture labs for my taste though.', "extremely knowledgeable, spends tons of effort helping students learn, effective in teaching the material (she goes really fast - but i think it's because there's a lot of ground to cover!). really cool personality and is one of the nicest profs! office hours helped a lot in gaining understanding/help with the course.", "great prof. course gets tough and confusing sometimes but she's always there for you..."]
['easily the best prof in ubc . she is clear and helpful.', "hilarious instructor. lectures were well-paced. labs were fun. exams were fair. didn't know any java going in and did fine.", 'funny, nice, great lecturer. exams were clear and simple. the project was a bit of work but it makes for really good experience.', 'elisa is awesome. her quiz-style assessment system (new this term i think) was a super way to know how you were doing at all times with the main course concepts. wish all courses were done this way (and that all profs could be as great as elisa).', "has a good sense of humour, which makes the lectures more effective. there's an agile group project and it's not very well-executed. you need to write a large number of user stories (tedious, feel likes waterfall) and prioritize them and there are only 2 sprints (not enough time on implementation). there's piazza which is a huge help.", "she's an amazing prof! lectures are hilarious and clear :) my best prof at ubc so far.", 'elisa is amazing. although i miss a few lectures, the ones i attended were always entertaining and quite informative. elisa knows how to make the driest compsci material as interesting as possible. thought 310 would be a pain but prof. baniassad definitely made it something to remember. i love you elisa!', 'voice is soft as butter', 'elisa is always energetic and enthusiastic, she tries to make the boring java concepts interesting. she really cares about students and encourages them. but the course cpsc210 is not easy to get good grades, the final and midterms are always hard. she is a good professor!', 'just overall an amazing teacher', 'honestly just an absolutely amazing instructor. lectures are very enjoyable and engaging. really cares about her students, and an overall very reasonable prof.', 'so happy i took cs210 with elissa. she is super clear in explanations and always put time for students before and after the class and office hours. her lectures are inspiring and she always have examples to refer to while teaching various concepts. the project was super cool and she had super cool ideas to handle our project. awesome prof.', "this year's offering of cpsc 210 has gotten more challenging compared to the previous years.. the penalty for the in-lab quizzes are brutal, like 0.5 percent of your whole grade is deducted. elisa doesnt reaaaally prepare you for those quizzes/midterm. overall, the course was fun with personal projects but grading scheme has gotten harsher.", 'elisa is truly an amazing prof. her lectures are neat and extremely helpful. she genuinely cares about her students and tries her best to answer their questions. she is also funny. i would definitely recommend attending every lecture and going to her office hours.', "elisa is an amazing professor. i only went to a handful of classes all semester because it is my only class and in the morning but she was excellent in all of them. super engaging and moves at a student-friendly pace. all material is posted online so lectures are not mandatory. exams aren't too bad though the format is a little weird.", 'she cares so much about student grades, and really wants her students to excel. she lets you hand in in-class exercises without having gone to that class, because "people get busy and can\'t make class sometimes". she is really funnydramatic in her lectures, and i feel very comfortable approaching her outside of class time.', 'i know ms. elisa from edx online courses. she is inspirational. she has wonderful speaking and teaching skill.', "great prof. has repeatedly gone out of her way to help solve problems i'm having with courses. marking is fair and feedback is constructive. lectures are fun and hilarious and the improv coding examples are always super creative and interesting. ubc comp sci profs are pretty hit and miss, choose elissa if you have the option", 'elisa is such a nice prof and is very approachable. she recognizes the faces of her students and always says hi to you whenever you bump into her on campus. her exams are fair and genuinely wants her students to succeed.', "one of the best profs i've ever had. her lectures are by far the most entertaining and enjoyable. she is super nice, helpful, and genuinely wants her students to succeed.", "elisa cares about her students, is funny, and makes lectures engaging. she will give her students the support they need and genuinely wants them to do well. while there is a lack of feedback and it's kind of ambiguous what her expectations are, you can always ask elisa and she'll respond super quickly most of the time. project was the best part!", 'really good prof, very similar teaching style to anthony estey if you took cpsc110 with him. she is super caring and wants to make sure everyone understands the material. very laid back and approachable, definitely recommend taking it with elisa!', 'easily one of the best comp sci instructors. pretty casual class atmosphere - she does a great job clearly explaining the concepts. very friendly and willing to help students.']
['she is the greatest comp sci prof!', "lectures and slides are clear, but talks too fast so you can't really take proper notes by hand. so long as you practice, you'll do well in exams.", 'excellent professor!!! gives plenty of oppurtunities to boost up your mark. she cares more about the student learning than screwing him over. she sings in class. what other prof. would do that&#63;.. project work is the most intense out of the whole class.... be prepared.', 'honestly really loved rachel. she was super kind, caring and made class really interesting. asked lots of thought provoking questions, which created lots of interesting discussion. midterms and final were all very short and easy. really great prof, really great class.', "her lectures are filled with clicker questions so attendance is mandatory if you want those marks. rachel is a fast speaker so she sometimes breezes through topics. pace of the course is not super fast so it's not a big deal. only negative about rachel is sometimes she's condescending towards students when students ask questions and comes in late.", 'very good prof', "rachel actively encourages class participation and by the 2nd or 3rd week had learned the names of every class member. homework is submitted online and you are allowed to keep submitting until you get it prefect... providing me with the most amount of learning and least amout of stress of any cpsc class i've taken. i highly recommend her!!", 'great teacher. she want whole class to participate. really approachable and always look full of energy', "great prof! she's probably the most devoted prof i've seen. very excited about the subject she's teaching as well. i learned a lot and did well in this course, thanks to rachel! hws are well-designed. she cares about the students! although, sometimes she talks very fast. you need to focus in class to get the best out of it.", "she's very approachable and accessible out of class, along with her tas. as long as you attend lectures and read the assigned material, her tests and assignments are fairly easy. her lectures are generally interesting and engaging.", 'rachel is the most enthusiastic prof i have ever had. she is extremely eager and obviously wants us to learn as much as possible. she makes a potentially boring subject fun, and knows the subject inside and out. very bright, a great teacher, and has generated applause from the class. sometimes gets a little over excited and can go quite fast.', 'she is hilarious. homework quizzes are easy. most of the labs assignments are done in groups. no previous computer science experience need. she is easily approachable, always answers emails. there is a big group project, that requires some time and effort. she uses clickers for attendance and memorizes names when you participate.', "lectures don't have crucial information most of the time, but there are a lot of participation points. they're fun though. be warned, passing depends on a group project. the textbook is only truly crucial if you might skip lectures. she is very helpful (she walks around and helps students randomly during in-class activities).", "had no idea nor interest in computer science when first beginning the course. however, she tried to relate interesting examples to difficult concepts (they were difficult for me, personally). textbook isn't necessary, but reading it occasionally did help in grasping some concepts.", '-', 'rachel is a great prof. i recommend going to class a lot. it may seem slow, but it is useful. the exams are tricky, sql tends to be difficult. study for the 2nd midterm a lot (sql). i hated the group project, try to see how people work way before it is too late. you will be responsible for others. tip: just meet demo requirements, nothing fancy.', 'great prof', "excellent professor. she does a great job at explaining the material and provides lot's of clicker questions and exercises in class to help students learn the material better. her midterms were very fair but the final was a little difficult. make sure to really practice the material after midterm 2 for the final.", "rachel is the most enthusiastic prof i have ever had, too. new prof, but very good. generous marking and notes r good. she cares about students and she tries her best to maximize everyone's mark. class avg was 79~ rachel is recommended.", "one of the best professors i've had at ubc. she's super passionate about helpingteaching her students and makes the course very interesting. it is a great course to take if you want to learn the basics of programming and definitely a good gpa booster"]
["jonatan's lectures are very clear and he can be entertaining at times. the material is hard but he always tries to help students to the most of his ability.", "jonatan is a great prof! he was a ta for many years so he is great to get help from as i learned when i went to his oh for help on assignments and he's really helpful on piazza as well. he's also a great lecturer. while the material can be dry he tried his best to make it understandable with analogies and relating it to things today.", 'jonatan is a great professor. he is able to masterfully explain complicated concepts in operating system, and takes his time to make sure students are following along. the assignments are hard, but they help you understand lecture concepts better.', "he is a very good lecturer, always available and ready to answer questions in his office. lectures are relevant to current topics discussed in the news, so he doesn't just recycle old material. highly recommended.", "one of the reasons i think jonatan is an amazing prof is because of how he opens the lecture to student participation. he tries to answer everyone's questions during lectures, which gave us an even deeper understanding of the course material.", "explains concepts quite clearly and answers questions in a really intuitive way. the lecture slides were really helpful and assignments and exams are closely related. could have improved the lectures on synchronization a bit, i figured out the details with an amazing ta as it wasn't explained super clearly in class.", "very big learning curve and pre readings are mandatory for the course. his lecture game ain't the best. however, he's always helpful when your stuck and tries to explain concepts if you don't understand it.", 'he is readily available on piaza, providing help for students. i have not seen more dedicated instructor. he seems to be expert in what he is teaching and always well prepared for lectures. however, his pace is fast, dense materials and you need to be taking good notes. also, exams are not easy but fair. take his class for 313.', 'i wrote a review a while back when i took 210 with. at that time, his lectures were subpar, but was decent during office hours. but after taking 313 with him, he is one of the most improved and currently one of the best instructors in ubc cs. his lectures are great and very to the point. he may not be most fun prof but he is great at teaching.', 'jonatan is a caring guy that wants the best for his students. everything on the exams are covered in lectures. he posts lecture slides, but leaves out some stuff, so go to lecture and take good notes.', "cpsc 313 is not an easy course by any measure. it has many difficult topics and assignments, but jonathan was great at communicating them. he is one of the best profs i had at ubc. he knows what he's talking about and how to teach students. slides are great but make sure to take notes of what he says. amazing prof! i'd take him over any other.", "if you can focus on his lectures, it's not hard to keep up with the course material, as all relevant material is in his class notes, and he provides adequate examples. labs could be a bit heavy but there was always enough time to finish them. he owns up to his mistakes, is always open to answer questions. grading of exams and labs was fair.", 'speaks as clear as he can and take loads of questions, so expectedly his lecture is very accommodating to the slower students. he uses flipped classroom format so be prepared to read/watch screencasts, but the grading scale is fairly forgiving. answers online question very quickly and helpfully.', 'amazing lectures and explanations. he did a better job teaching some system concepts than the computer engineering professor. still his labs are disastrous. he never gives a marking rubric sometimes you do not even know what should be the right output of the homework. his tas are very useless and he does not reply piazza posts. go to office hours!', "jonatan is a great prof! he really cares for his students, and he's super nice! his lectures are really informative so you wouldn't want to skip them."]
["explains well, quite helpful and interested in the material. i would totally take another class with this guy. don't take 313 unless you are a cs major - i am and i liked it. read the book, it's good.", "he is a great prof. he is smart and helpful. the course is one of those courses that you might either understand the materials or you won't! it scares you at the beginning but it is not hard. norm's mts were fair but the final was a bit more challenging.", "great prof. one of the best i've had so far. he's extremely easy to follow. you should come to class and pay attentiontake notes. really interesting course as well. the assignments are long but they'll probably be the same with any prof.", 'good prof... knows his stuff... only problem is he allows idiots in class to waste lecture time with useless questions... (not really his fault). made material that i hate easy enough to get through :)', 'great teacher. funny, made it easy, good notes. not a hard class, well taught', 'real joker. not sure about the red soccer jersey he wears. marks easy.', "really great prof. he clearly cares about your success as a programmer, and is honest about what course content is relevant to your career and which isn't. the labs, assignments, and project is straightforward, although the xml lab is tough if you're not already familiar with xml. you must attend the lecture, both for the content and his dad jokes.", "decent lecturer, but make sure to take notes in class since his slides don't say much. you will miss a lot of important stuff. doing the his practice questions should give you a good idea of the content for the midterm and final. the exams focus mostly on what is covered in lecture and less on the coding done in the labs.", 'awesome professor! if you just do the readings prior to attending class (like it is required), he is easy to follow in class. he is very approachable and has a great sense of humour.', "a he is a very very talented programmer and he can spot any errors in algorithms almost immediately(while some tas' spent hours). a great lecturer with a very good sense of humor. i've enjoyed his use of funny expressions in his lectures. a great prof that u will enjoy and learn lots from."]
["don't understand the complainers. the midterm was tough but straight from the notes. good project, but i chose my partner well.", 'reid video taped all his lecture material and put it online this year. this ended up being great for me because i was ab,le to review the weeks content in advance and only go to lectures when i knew i needed more time to work on the tricky material class time was mostly spent on hands-on activities, so those were useful and fun in general.', 'had this class last term. lecture material was fairly conceptual which made it hard to know what was right, but the project was really concrete and helped me get some of the experience my friends who have done co-op already had. great class!', "really funny and knowledgeable guy. made this course a lot better than what it used to be. you'll learn a lot in this course. his exams are a pain though. 150 t/f final? no practice questions and no clearly defined learning goals? a recipe to drop the class average artificially. other than that, great experience. start the project early.", 'material seemed conceptual at the time but ended up being super useful on my next co-op term. video lectures have been really nice for review while on co-op too.', "awesome professor, very industry oriented, unlike many other computer science professors, he really supports industry-like software engineering and teaches what's new in industry. be prepared for a hard real-world like project, it's tough but i'm pretty sure you're gonna learn and be quite hire-able.", 'this is one of those courses you just have to take (obv. i guess, since its required), but the material is all straight-up useful job prep and reid does a good job keeping it interesting and grounded in how we can apply the material in the real world. great stuff.', "applied prof who gave lots of industrially relevant examples. midterm was multiple choice and was tough because of the negative marks but were all taken from the provided readings. lots of energy in class, but if you don't do the in-class activities the lectures can be a bit boring.", 'reid is great. if you have any interest in software his lectures are well-worth attending. the material is super easy - especially coming from previous industry experience. choose your partner well and the project will be a breeze. the true/false midterm/final is annoying, but studying for it really just involves going over the videos/notes.', 'while the videos made it tempting to not go to class, a small sample from my friends this term found that attending class had pretty big impact on the final grade.', "tough realistic project but i learned a lot. really relied on my partner and i'm glad i chose well. be ready to put in the time for this project. if you don't want to write any code, this class would be hard. lectures were long because it was a night class but had lots of hands-on activities."]
['one of the best :)', 'very bad professor. instead of giving serious lectures she makes jokes and pop culture references. canceling programming assignments at the end of the term when students are most eager to learn. the grading scheme is very loose. students can get many free marks by attending labs simply. if she teaches 320 next year you need to avoid her at all cost', "one of the best cs prof i've ever had at ubc. she has an amazing and attractive character. her lectures are very energetic and make me very comfortable. exam and assignments are a lot more challenging than 210. would definitely take her class again.", 'this was her first semester teaching at ubc so there was some bumps along the way but overall, cinda is a cheerful enthusiastic prof. she keeps the class engaged. exams/assignments are tough but i think wolfman has more control over these topics as both sections were sort of co-taught.', "cinda is awesome! take her if you can. she explains algorithms super well and in a way that's easy to understand and remember. the course was a little disorganized, but i'm sure that'll get better as she teaches the course more", "cpsc 121 is known to be a hard course but when you take it with cinda, you'll realize that she explains the concepts clearly. although she confuses herself sometimes in the lecture, but that doesn't really matter. she could have been more specific on some topics though.", "cinda's a really great prof, probably one of the best cs-lecturers i've ever had. she's really enthusiastic and makes you seem less afraid about the material. however, her exams and programming assignments are extremely difficult. compared to previous years, the pas and exams were much much much much harder..", 'great teacher, lots of good examples, funny (at least she tries), sometimes takes too long to get the simple stuff across and then has to rush through the more complex stuff.', 'one of the most charismatic lecturers i have ever met, with the ability to somehow make a 2.5 hour lecture enjoyable. although lectures were rushed at times, office hours really helped with clarifying more difficult concepts.', "she's a good teacher, bit unorganized and unclear at times but it makes no big impact to understanding. very kind and friendly, and easy to listen to. would recommend for sure.", 'shes very enthusiastic about the subject. will highly recommend. although exams are hard..', "one of the nicest profs you'll ever meet. can be slow during class sometimes as she answers everyone's questions. final was made somewhat different from what we were taught in the syllabus.", 'professor heeren is the best professor i ever had. i love the way she teaches and involves students in the class. also, she created the group midterms which give the chance to know the pathway other students approach to solve the problems. she is great in teaching cs121 by relating the material to upper year courses (cs221). overall. awesome.', "great lecturer who cares a lot about ensuring everyone's understanding of complex topics. she was on the class forum answering questions 24/7 all semester, and was very available and approaching in office hours. i found the workload and marking schemes for homework and exams to be very fair, and would definitely recommend taking a course with her.", 'cinda is a very welcome addition to ubc. lectures are great and really help to develop intuition, exams are fair (and fun!), and her office hours are extremely helpful. assignments/exams are creative and seem designed to test your understanding of the material rather than your ability to regurgitate information. highly recommended.', 'i struggled very much in this class, but that i blame on myself and not the prof. the prof was enthusiastic and very clear on all the concepts. she brought popcorn and timbits so thats a plus too.']
["this prof is absolutely amazing, one of my favourite prof's ever. his lectures are fantastic, he's super friendly, and he's always willing to help out. also very fair exams and assignments. couldn't ask for a better prof.", 'he really cares about his students, lectures at a very good pace, gives fun and challenging homeworks, makes himself accessible outside of class and incorporates silly jokes into the lecture when you least expect it. one thing i really admire about nick is that he is very humble, despite being insanely intelligent.', 'he takes some getting used too but once you do he is awesome.', "amazing prof, my 2nd class with him after cpsc 320. great lectures, good pace, very clear, answers questions, makes funny remarks, cares about students. assignments in 421 are hard but they're a lot of fun and really make you learn the material! exams are easy. definitely recommend taking 421 with nick.", 'he is now one of my favourite teachers! i took 320 in the summer, knowing that if i took it during winter, i would be struggling. nick is an amazing teacher, easy to understand, he goes slow, and he explains things very clearly. he wrote on the whiteboard, which made it easy to follow along. i would definitely take more classes taught by him.', "nick's lectures are amazing - good pace and very clear. concerned about student learning, assignments are hard but worth the effort. he puts in a lot of effort into his teaching and incorporates new research into the material. you can't go wrong taking a class with nick. i love his sense of humor and he is a very nice guy in general.", 'wow. very friendly, amazing lectures. makes sure everyone understands. his explanations are clear, you get to learn a lot, takes feedback from you and works on them. his demos included professional work that he had done. i am very inclined to take other courses with him. highly recommended. only wish assignments and exams were a little harder.', 'this prof is fantastic. any student in cs at ubc should try to take a class with this prof. his lectures are great and he stays after lecture (every class) to help students. midterm was very easy, final was harder but fair, as it was scaled more than enough to compensate for the increased difficulty.', 'on the first day of class dr.harvey\'s first statement was, "i have never taught a second year level cpsc course." i heard bad things about 221 already and that was the last thing i wanted to hear. now that my cpsc 221 course is over, i could not be happier that dr.harvey was my prof. great prof but even better than that he\'s a great guy!', 'so funny and midterm was easy. so glad i took 320 with him. he goes at a slow and good pace.', 'prof. harvey is a great professor, he made a very difficult class in 320, bearable and enjoyable. i have heard stories that 320 was one of the hardest classes in the cs world at ubc, and choosing to take it in the summer with nick was one of the best decisions i made. very personal, writes great notes, and makes sure his students understand. 10/10.', "it was his first time teaching the course. he removed the material he didn't think was necessary and the class ended up being easier than previous sections. very clear lectures.", "best prof in the cs dept i've ever met, taken both cpsc 320 and cpsc 421 with him and wished to have more. absolutely fantastic.", 'nick is the man! super clear and one of the nicest guys you will meet. fairly challenging but is fair about scaling if the exam was too tough. i would have loved to take this course with nick in the fall instead of the summer. would go out of my way to take classes with nick!', 'dr. harvey was an amazing instructor. i only wish he would teach more courses ...', 'lectures are extremely clear. takes time to be available after class to answer questions. keeps class entertaining by engaging class in discussion. tells amusing anecdotes to explain concepts.']
['an amazing prof - her notes were very well-written, making it possible to understand material despite skipping class. she also genuinely cared about all of her students to the point that she could look at a number of students at the beginning of the first day of class and call them by their names, and gave us a pep talk right before our midterm', "she is very nice as a person but her lectures can be boring at times. if you have a hard time paying attention in class then i don't recommend taking her class. however, if you are a &quot;good&quot; student then she is probably one of the best profs out there because she explains everything very well with lots of examples.", "she neatly handwrites lots of good notes + proof examples that i know students from other sections study from as well. in lectures she encourages participation/engagement while trying to remember peoples names. once in a while she'll have a blurp where her explanation is confusing but it wasn't a bother for me.", "alice is new prof and the class i took with her was her first time teaching. she's absolutely amazing, caring and made the course super fun. i went into this course not hearing great stuff about it but came out having my perspective completely changed because of her. i would 100% recommend anyone who's taking cs245 switch into her section.", "i don't even take this course with her but i use her notes to study. her notes are simply legendary and better than any textbook/coursenotes i have ever seen.", 'really helpful both in and outside of class. found the course content to be a bit boring, but she definitely made it better and do-able. would have died of boredom and failed the course if not for her.', "alice is such a good teacher. her office hours are super helpful and she is extremely clear about what she expects out of her students. i don't know if i've met a professor who is as clear as her when it comes to learning goals, especially during exam time. got me from a d midterm to an a+ final grade :)", 'best', "she works really really hard to get this course going, must say she's a legendary for cs245, she offers handout in her class(few hundred copies), and i have seen how she stapled each copy one by one all by herself. seeing alice, i kind of get why i can't get into harvard(like she did), and u definitely should take this course with her u wont regret", "ever since professor alice gao started writing the midterms for this class, the average grades have significantly dropped. midterm 1 went from high 80s to low 60s. that having been said, alice is definitely an engaging and clear professor, and i would recommend taking her section since you won't escape the common midterms either way :p", "before going into cs 245, i was expecting it to be the worst course i've taken thus far at uw, judging purely based on the previous reputation of the course. early on in the term, alice acknowledged the horrible reputation of the course, and was determined to make it better for us this term. that's exactly what she did. thanks for the great term.", 'even though she\'s a post-doctorate researcher as opposed to a "professor," she teaches more effectively than most "professors." take a class with her if you have the chance. show up to every lecture and don\'t skip class.', "excellent teacher - genuinely cares about your learning, and is very happy to help if you show that you've actually tried. notes and explanations are very clear, only criticism is that she sometimes runs out of time.", "she's awesome and very understandable. sometimes her lectures stretched too long for the time period. her handwriting is amazing and she gives out candies to students who participate.", 'she is a nice person. her class is amazing and very clear.', 'puts a lot more effort into teaching the course than the other professors. real focus on understanding the material through in class exercises rather than students just blindly copying notes or slides. her notes are nicely written, straight to the point and posted online so you can focus on solving the problems in class. very good teaching style.']
['ali is a great prof! he is knowledgeable, a great lecturer, caring, and really passionate about what he is teaching. made me fall in love with programming. if this is your first time programming, you can still walk away with an a with just a bit of effort on your part.', 'ali is the most enthusiastic professor i have ever had. he got really pumped during clicker quizzes, waiting to see if we would all get it right. he gets really excited when someone does something better/faster than expected, and throws candy. one time he brought us all chocolate because he won a gambling game we made in class', 'i still insist that ali is the true willy wonka of professors, only without the sinister undertones. amazing man', 'professor ali is a really interesting and humorous guy. he did a great job teaching me how to code in c.', 'ali is the best programming teacher. he is hilarious and kind and had a clear and loud voice. he allows us to discuss with each other and get a second chance if the iclicker votes are too evenly distributed. do your bitfit, the &quot;toughest&quot; in midterm will be the ones on bitfit.', "he brought candy/chocolate almost every class and they were the quality kind. really wants his students to ask questions, understand, and do well. he shouldn't have gotten a macbook but anyway, still love him.", 'a true legend. do the work and you will reach an ascended level of enlightenment.', "i didn't like the new flipped-lecture personally and the course was fast in the summer but ali was patient and would take the trouble to sit down and slowly explain concepts to you until you get it. he's also organised and systematic about concepts being taught, making it straightforward and easier to understand.", "ali is a great professor. goes out of his way to help students, he did a 3+ hour review session live stream on youtube before each of our midterms. he is also a really funny guy and you won't get bored in his class.", 'ali is an engaging and inspirational lecturer - he is humorous while also being able to explain concepts clearly.', 'legend.', "prof. ali is a genuine guy and is always ready to help. he answers any questions in a very thorough and understandable way, and his lectures aren't boring at all because he's quite a funny guy. would love to have him teach me again.", 'nice computer science professor. he does a decent job teaching the basics of computer engineering and coding. his lectures were so engaging and funny. he also made some practice problems for students to practice. i would definitely take his course again.', 'loved him. i failed programming but wow he was so great. when we switched to a different teacher mid- term, i realized just how much i had taken away from the first half of the course. ali is so nice, will talk to you on public transit, really helps you understand the material in an easy way, and he even gets you to call him ali.', 'ali is a good professor and a very caring person. he stays past his office hours to help students and does not stop until the students understand the topic.', 'really engaging and an effective instructor.', 'best instructor ever! definitely cares about his students. his lectures are interesting, inspirational and very well organized. you can always reach him for additional questions in the office hours. on top of all that, he is very funny and knowledgeable.']
["i loved dr. khosravi! he's one of the best professors i've ever had and if you get fortunate enough to take a class with him - do it! his lectures are engaging and he makes the material so understandable and interactive. his slides are great! he always asks for feedback on the class and delivers on that feedback. his exams are relatively fair.", 'hassan was always energetic, excited and passionate about coding. he inspired me with his passion and taught us clearly and effectively. he organized his time well, went over the basics and also focused a lot on the more complicated material he knew most people struggled with. hassan was one of the best instructors i have had at ubc so far', 'love this guy!', 'lectures were engaging due to the intensive amount of clicker questions and the explanations for each new topic was clear and concise. however, that could be because the subject material was not extremely difficult compared to an algorithms course. hassan maintained a positive attitude throughout the course and slides were always posted on time.', 'great notes and concise explanation of course material. friendly and helpful. cannot recommend more.', "great prof! went through a lot of examples in class. really made sure students understood the content. exams were fair. definitely one of the best profs i've ever had.", 'hassan is amazing! very engaging lectures, clear explanations and very helpful and knowledgeable outside of class. labs are braindead easy and might have been made a lot more rewarding imo. wakes you up in the morning with some great dubstep mixes. lectures are very organized. great prof overall!', 'awesome professor, his lectures are very interesting and is always there to help. his homeworkassignmentsprojects are time consuming, however, if you follow his lectures carefully, they will be relatively easy.', 'great prof. very clear and enthusiastic. lectures have a good structure and go at a nice pace.', "i can't think of a class that's any more perfect than this one. khosravi can read our minds. he knows us students better than we know ourselves. i had so much fun in the course and learned a lot. the project is something you have to figure out on your own, and i feel like it was a great challenge. by far, the best cpsc course i've ever taken.", "for sure the best prof i've had so far this year! lectures are engaging and he's super friendly.", "one of the best professors i've had in ubc. incredibly clear and concise when he talks about the material, and gives off an energetic vibe in every lectures to do work. also, gives very good responses to questions in class.", 'good prof. knowledgeable and always provides clear lectures to us. exams are slightly hard though.', 'explains things well, helpful when people asks questions, and goes through at a moderate pace in lectures.', 'this dude is pretty awesome! he is clear, and very helpful! he is also a very nice guy and genuinely wants his students to succeed.', 'explains everything thoroughly and well. fantastic prof.']
["celina is one of the best profs you could ask for to teach cpsc110. she genuinely cares about her students' learning and is so approachable. as a complete beginner to programming, she instilled such confidence in my coding because her lectures were so clear and helpful. overall, a super knowledgeable, fun and respected prof! had a great time!", "best prof ever!! she is always so enthusiastic in her lectures, she made me love comp sci even though the concepts were not easy at times. she is also very caring if you have a question and motivates you to do well. 10/10 would recommend, trust me, you won't be sorry :)", 'pretty good', "celina's lectures are great until that day when you're too tired to write anything on her handouts and you're left with nothing to study off of", 'took cpsc110 with her in a condensed summer course and i do not regret it. the course itself is a lot of work but celina puts her students before everything else. she goes out of her way to make sure that every student in her class understands and is performing to their utmost best. great lecturer, always happy and very respectful. 11/10 prof.', 'celina is fantastic! she knows everything about the course and pay lots of attention to students. she is pacient and respected to every students even not in her course. really recommend.', "cpsc110 is probably the hardest course amongst all cpsc courses. but celina did her best to explain every concepts/processes in an extremely clear manner in lectures. she is inspirational, engaging, and responsible. she truly cares about students' success by holding lots of extra office hours. highly recommend for anyone taking 110.", 'pretty relaxed, but she tends get mad if you try to leave early.', "best professor i've ever had so far. she is enthusiastic about teaching and cares about the students' success.", 'despite the crazy workload and difficult concepts, celina did everything she could to make sure all the students understood the material. amazing prof and would definitely recommend!', "celina is one of the best profs i've had at ubc. i took a condensed summer course with her and she was amazing. seriously, just amazing. if you get a chance to take a course with her, do it!! she's so motivating and inspirational -- made me love cpsc even when it got quite challenging. worked hard and earned a great mark!", 'celina is awesome. one of the best cs profs ever. she explains complicated things clearly and cares so much about the students.', "celina is honestly one of the most genuine, kind, and caring profs you can ask for. she will never hesitate to take time out of her day to help you understand concepts and clearly explains them in a way where you will actually learn instead of memorize. i can't even express how much commitment and dedication she puts into her students' learning!", "great professor. it was her first time teaching 213, but you could tell she really wanted all of her students to succeed; as years go by, she'll only get better at teaching the course. course was pretty easy to start, got tougher towards the end, so going to lecture is crucial. overall, can't go wrong with celina.", "ideal prof for an introduction to computer science. despite never having coded before, i wasn't intimidated because she went into computer science herself without any previous experience. you don't have to attend class, but it helps a lot. if you make the effort, she cares and is very accessible (especially when the course work gets hard)."]
['her lectures are engaging and straightforward tests are straightforward would recommend you learn about computer science without it being coding heavy no coding experience needed group project is worth 15%', 'great comp sci prof that made lectures very lighthearted and borderline fun. she even wrote a poem for us on the last class and she knows student names. however the course itself is very high workload especially for people without coding experience. exams were fair and the course team is very caring and understanding of student struggles.', 'i was online but i sneaked into a couple of her lectures. ola is an amazing person. she explains the material really well and cares so much about the students. she tells great stories and makes the lectures really fun.', "this prof, the way she explains things: it's all just so logical and it makes so much sense. she understands her students very well and is truly caring. sometimes i sit in class wondering if i can ever achieve such a high level of intelligence and academic aptitude in my lifetime. easily the best prof i've ever had at this university.", 'very nice prof, is always happy to discuss homework and concepts during office hours. the problem sets can be exceedingly difficult with a tight grading scheme, but those are graded by the tas.', "dr. ola is the best prof i've had so far at ubc. she is so kind and approachable which really enhances students learning when they are struggling. she does an amazing job at talking with students and helping them out in office hours in addition to being a charismatic and engaging lecturer. i never felt bored in the 1.5 hour lectures, very special.", "great professor + genuinely took feedback to improve course. average was 81 course content isn't hard but if you're looking for more useful applications take cpsc110. online quizzes aren't hard b/c it's from the lecture notes + best 3/5 quizzes. group work - &quot;15%&quot; but more like 7.5% since you get marked on group feedback etc. would recommend her", 'dr. k has been my favourite prof my entire time at ubc. she really does truly care about her students and i really respect that.', "she's a great and caring prof, really cares about her students and loves teaching!", "truly the pinnacle of human evolution. can't wait for her poetry she promised to do at the end of the semester.", "such a phenomenal prof - definitely one of the best i've ever had, and i've had some good profs. she is warm, demanding, funny, and explains things like no one else does. coming to lecture wasn't a chore at all. really hope she stays and teaches other courses. she's one of those profs you'll never forget.", "her lecture style is easy to follow + she's always clear. she's always looking for ways to improve and genuinely cares for the content. easy to pay attention and follow along. group project isn't too bad + not worth that much. actual project is worth 7.5% and the other 7.5% is peer evaluation + proposal. course is a gpa booster. must take with her!"]
["great course, learned a lot about gpus and such. would recommend to anybody. mark is a great guy, only complaint is feedback is delayed a lot. i got my grade for two assignments + the final about a month after the final exam. shouldn't be a deal breaker though.", 'mark is a very effective teacher despite what many people seem to think. if you take this class with him, you should do the homework, because if you can do his homework (which is challenging and sometimes takes a long time) then you should have an easy time with his tests.(he marks fairly easily)', "friendly guy and a pretty effective instructor overall but marking is super slow. don't expect to get much feedback on your assignments throughout the term in any timely manner.", 'the course was hard but mark does his best to help students with it. he held sessions for homework help for any that needed it and was generally available to guide people along. good prof.', 'office hours are key. study groups are key. ta hours are also key. mark is awesome and enthusiastic when you track him down and talk to him.', "ok... he's probably not very good at teaching first year classes, but he was amazing at teaching cs 418. he's so insightful, and i learned more useful stuff in that class than any other cs class. take him for high level classes for sure. and he scales up a lot too. though he doesn't have much time to attend to students.", "cpsc 421 is not an easy course, not at all. learning under greenstreet was surprisingly fun. proofs and inductions are difficult (1st few hw's and 1st midterm were murder), a high level of proficiency is required. going to office hours helped a lot, mark is very helpful in the office. good prof, but hard material, talking to him is crucial.", 'helpful and enthusiastic guy. assignments are more like mini projects.', "the guy's a genius. not a nice person though. exciting class but tough.", 'extremely enthusiastic, very outgoing, but quite tough.']
["ron is a great prof - 110 is a tough course but he did a good job communicating the subjects in lecture. very helpful and approachable during office hours, and really tries to learn students' names!", "he is a very active teacher and is always ready to clarify everybody's doubt. always helpful and tries his best to help us understand the concept. also very clear and easy to follow in class if all pre-reading is done.", 'ron is really passionate about cs and is super funny in lecture. he made a very dry programming class entertaining. the only problem is that he spends a lot of time answering questions so we never finished any modules in class. the course workload is quite brutal for those new to programming so be prepared to keep up with it.', 'very creative. super smart. highly entertaining too. any prof who can mix wu tang and cookie monster with recursion is definitely worth taking. you might even get a cookie out of it!', "he's the one 110 prof that really tries. funny. great personality. friendly. not the best prof ever! but definitely better that meghan allen! not too much better than gregor and ron in terms of teaching. if you're looking for an a on this course you should keep up with all the assign. and practices online and go to office hours as much as you can.", "great professor, one of the only i would wake up for an 8 am lecture with. inspirational, and most importantly, makes the student love what he is teaching. clear, and helpful with explaining. definitely saved my interest in cpsc, and 110 in general. feel bad for those who dropped out of cpsc because of 110, and didn't get a chance to experience ron", "great prof. ubc is lucky to have him. class is tough, but that's because the material is tough. he tries to set expectations early (he warns everyone how tough it will be) and is as helpful as you can be when teaching 300 students.", "very engaging and clear instructor. even though i didn't enjoy using drracket, prof made it somewhat more bearable.", 'he is very clear. he gives tangible examples and his classes are supper interesting.', 'ron is by far one of the best profs! he\'s hilarious and he always starts off the class with the "good morning". i appreciate that because he wants us to be excited for the class. the lectures fly by really quickly. make sure you do all the homework because it\'s really easy to fall behind as i am new at programming. a very interesting course!', 'great prof and nice person. workload is heavy, but if you work hard, you will learn a lot + receive high grade.', "sometimes a little bit confusing, overall a very good prof. tries very hard in the beginning of the semester to remember everyone's names."]
['one of my favorite profs in cs undergrad. extremely patient in his office hours and a very approachable personality. pitiful that i did not have a chance to take his course again as he only teaches cs221 in the undergrad.', 'great professor, highly recommend taking cpsc 420 with him.', 'really tough exams (class average: ~50%) but will goes over the material thoroughly and patiently.', 'amazing prof. amazing course. i learned so much more in cpsc 420 than i have in any other course at ubc.', "he's an ok guy. very nice and all but his midterm slaughtered me. what he covered in class and the questions in the book were not equivalent to the level of the questions he gave on the midterm... geez.. just hope i pass.", 'fantastic lecturer. a shame his lectures were at 8am, though they were still worth attending.', "incredible lecturer, clear and funny. keeps everyone engaged and very good at explaining. challenging but rewarding assignments, fair in assessment. his notes are great! concerned about students. taking a class with will is amazing, can't go wrong at all.", 'evans is a great, easy going guy. very clear, and good one on one if you have questions. i undertook 2 directed studies courses with him as well.', "i plan on taking all my data structures/algorithm courses with will. he is patient, kind, very smart, and teaches wonderfully. i don't know why people are concerned about his exams - the first midterm is harder (but he scales) and the second is very fair! if your not lazy, you will do well in his class.", "best prof i've had in computer science. he's clear and helpful. he has recorded lectures which was great for review. the course was really interesting and i think i've learned the most out of this course in all the compsci courses i've taken. i would definitely take other courses with will!", 'this was the best course i have ever taken at ubc. he is an incredible instructor. do not take this course if you struggled with 320 or were not interested in the material.']
['professor greif clearly cares about his class. i would highly recommend taking a class with him. i really appreciated the enthusiasm and humour he brought to each lecture. his midterms were challenging but fair, assignments are long but constructive to learning. the course comes with an excellent text that is free through the ubc online library.', 'absolutely amazing prof, awful course.', 'this guy needs to increase font size on the chalkboard!! he corrected himself once, but goes back to writing really small the next day immediately.', "great prof, really helpful and wants students to do well. i might be the only one but i find him hilarious. gives really hard assignments, but gives lots of part marks, and they really help for the tests, which aren't as hard.", 'one of the greatest professors i ever had. his lectures were so dynamic, and i just really liked the way he taught the course. he keeps his promises and is very clear on his expectations. i was able to talk with him on some topics that were not covered in the course. he is very friendly and all exams were fair.', 'he is very inspirational and likes to ask questions. assignments take a long time but are a great overview. do the readings of the book or the lecture slides.', 'dr. greif is a great, easygoing prof who is really passionate about what he does. his classes were always interesting (i did not fall asleep once). he also has a great sense of humour. i liked this course, it is fun but time consuming. i would recommend it to almost anyone.', 'chen is a fantastic lecturer. it is very obvious that he both knows and likes the material, and moreover, he knows what makes the material interesting. the assignments tended to be long and quite challenging, but the flip side of this is that they are also interesting and rewarding.', 'very clear and helpful, funny and cares about the students. my only complaints would be that the homework was sometimes overly tedious, and the final was more difficult than expected.']
['best prof. engaging lectures and lot of practice exercises', "great class, very organized and we always receive our marks on time. she's a friendly teacher and knowledgable. among the best profs i had at ubc", 'i enjoyed her classes. in fact the most fun part was the group exercises. she provides lot of active learning in form of clickers, group exercises and tons of practice exercises. one of the best cpsc course i took at ubc', 'i love her. she is very caring and helpful. very approachable. explain concept clearly.', 'she is very knowledgeable and passionate about her subject. she is super easy to reach outside of class. i will definitely be taking another class from her.', 'i liked her class. a lot of practice material and she always bring positive energy to the class. the course sometimes becomes boring and monotonous but she tried to make it understandable.', 'i am happy i am taking cpsc 304 with hazra. she is super clear in explanations and always put time for students before and after the lectures, during breaks and office hours. her lectures are inspiring and she always has tips for us to remember the various concepts. awesome professor.', 'very nice and caring instructor.', 'i took course with her in last semeter. she is one of the best profs i had at ubc. he subject sometime feels dry but her examples are relevant. she connects with the students. she really cares about students learning. she mentioned that her research is in student learning as well. it shows. she should teach more courses. i thoroughly enjoyed course', 'hazra is one of the best professors i had at ubc! she explains things thoroughly. discussions are always the best! i had a lot of fun taking her class.']
['hard quiz, med midterm. mid-easy final. pretty good in office hours. very nice person.', 'the class was too technical and to go from the lecture notes and apply them to the assignments was near-impossible. needs more examples and practical applications in class.', "good prof. he knows his stuff. mts was fair and final was a bit on the easy side. assignments in 314 are pretty much standard so every term does a similar thing. only complaint is that he doesn't go as in depth as i'd like, he really only skims through the basics, and you will have to figure out how to implement or do the math hw yourself... :)", 'a prof who obviously cares about his students. seems a little inexperienced but certainly makes an effort. organized notes. gives lots of opportunities for practice to do well. very approachable during office hours.', '424 is not an easy course, because you have to be good at math, algorithm analysis, and data structures. the assignments are quite challenging, but not impossible. the programming assignments are also challenging. midterm and final were both very fair. thanks for a great course!', 'really nice guy; definitely knows his stuff too. assigned expensive/useless textbook, and provided only &quot;bare-bones&quot; lecture slides.', 'he rocks~!! =)', 'he has good notes, and his tests are fair; however, his assignments are difficult. he is helpful and receptive to questions.']
['was a wonderful experience to work with/under him', "i thought ivan was wonderful, informative, and a nice guy. he got his own problems wrong a couple of times (misreading the question etc.) but it did not negatively effect learning at all. make sure you choose a good partner for the project because the profs don't care if you do all the work or not. they won't give your partner a lower mark even.", 'highly recommended.', "he is probably the best prof i ever had at ubc. he replies to emails in literally minutes, and he is always available to answer questions. he doesn't like profs who teach by hand-holding, so be prepared to work on your own, but trust me by the end of the term you'll have learned way more than any other course.", 'amazing prof! course was well designed; gives you a broad introduction to networks research.', 'ivan is an amazing professor. he is a wizard when it comes to distributed systems, and incredibly knowledgeable. projects are very interesting and tend to change every term. going to lectures is not mandatory, since you can read the slides after class, but i still recommend attending. he is very good at explaining things and is also funny.', "join a good group, put in the work, and you'll do well. though, there is little mercy if you're someone who can't code, but he does scale massively at the end, and there are many opportunities for extra credit. very helpful and active on piazza.", "so cute which makes it easier to want to go to class. he is very clear and easy to understand. not an easy grader, a little bit on the tough side but not much. did i mention he's cute? one of the girl he works with think so as well.", 'he is one of the best professors at ubc. the guy has crazy knowledge and experience with distributed systems and is open to questions in class and outside of class. you can get really good insights from him on how to plan and design distributed systems if you are willing to ask questions.', "the projects are really really hard. if you're stuck with someone who isn't a good programmer, you'll have a really hard time, but can still do okay. the lectures are interesting, and the final's not very hard, and the project marking is relatively lenient considering the difficulty.", 'not an easy course, but ivan is an excellent lecturer who helps you understand the material as best as possible. the midterms and the project was by far the most challenging aspect of the course, but you can definitely pull up your grade in the other components of the course.']
['fun course! mark is really helpful during class and helped me understand programming. assignments are mostly fair and you can definitely do well if you put in the work.', 'great prof, great class. they overhauled csc309 recently and this course is amazing now. mark has a relaxed teaching style and is pretty funny sometimes. he emphasizes coming to class, and some of the questions on the midterm are based on things he covered only in class.', "i had mark last year for csc121. i feel like he delivered the best learning experience i ever had at uoft . if you are afraid of cs courses you honestly do not need to be anymore because he teaches from a place of understanding that all students have varying levels of experience. he's admirable and truly knowledgable.", 'he is so nice! very clear and informative lectures! he is also very patient when answering questions.', 'hummm his assignments are hard. not too difficult for tests&amp;quizes but it is also not easy to get high marks', "i am currently taking his csc309, i don't think this overall quality score is fair enough for him, he is a great prof and he do want students to get a high mark, if u didn't it sadly because u are bad lol", 'i used to get terrified by cs courses until mark came along. the way he teaches makes the concept so much easier to understand. he is knowledgable and explains everything clearly. exercises are closely related to lectures and labs, but the assignment could be a real torture. tests are fair if you pay attention to the lecture. take his class!', 'have to work a lot for assignments. helpful in office hours. good course )', 'mark is awesome! i was actually excited to go to class and learn about programming. he breaks down the difficult concepts into easy to understand pieces.', "people just complain about his final but the truth is it was fair and covered what was taught in the course. i did ok on it and some of my friends got close to perfect so it wasn't impossible. people who don't study just like to complain. the prof himself is good and the exam is not the only part of the course. study!"]
['she is my favourite teachers !! her lecture is very useful and clear. midterm is fair, assignments is a little challenge. she pays attention to students. definitely recommend!!', 'would take cmput classes with her again. very good prof. clear and knowledgeable.', 'she really wants the students to learn, and tries to think of unique ways to get her message across. she has an accent, but you can still easily understand her. she has a lot of different grading criteria, such as pop quizzes, online quizzes, and exams. the exams are not heavily weighted, which is nice. no powerpoint with notes.', 'very easy course to begin with and she furthers this with intense simplification-which can be boring at times. very nice and also helpful. the labs are also an easy component too and i recommend going to them', "she's good, not great.", "sadaf is great!she made the class very easy and fun!it was worth going to her lectures and her slides are helpful.for most of the time i didn't even have to read a txtbook.she's very helpful and nice.if you pay attention in class,it will be very easy to get a good mark;)", "she's a very good prof for this course and makes the all the points very clear. definitely recommended", 'great t professor. she explains the material well and really wants you to succeed. take her class if possible.', 'sadaf ahmed teaches a very good introductory computer science course. the content of the course itself may be difficult for absolute beginners, but sadaf is ready to help and answer any questions you may have. if you have any previous programming knowledge like i did, this class is an easy a.', "shes a great prof, like absolutely awesome,she's obviously super passionate about computer science which is all great. the only problem is that the course is so easy at the start and moves really slow but then all the hard material is pushed till the end, make sure u dont miss any classes for her, missing one class is a lot to catch up on!", "she's probably my favorite professor at u of a thus far, she's a engaging lecturer who explains the sometimes obtuse concepts very, very clearly. she also is very open to helping students outside of class if they need. my only gripe with her is that it seemed like she spent a little too much time on certain concepts and rushed through others.", 'if you have no experiencing in coding, pick her! well, pick her any way because she is by far the best professor i came across in this university. tests are super easy if you pay the tiniest attention in the class.', 'for 174, she is the best. explains very clearly. if u are a computing science major, u cannot get a start better than this.', 'dr. ahmed is amazing. she: 1) always responds to emails promptly 2) explains things easily with props (keuring machine lmao) 3) gives tips about labs 4) makes exams identical to problem sets or in-class examples 5) accesible after class, at office hours or you can make an appointment the only annoying thing is pop quizzes (almost every thursday)', "i really like sadaf! she really knows her stuff and makes a huge amount of effort to make sure everyone understands what she's explaining. she is really good about pointing out the most important concepts too.", "she is an amazing prof would definitely recommend her. she's really helpful and her lectures are very clear and if you don't get something she makes the explanations easier.", 'very friendly and helpful', "awesome prof., totally recommend. clear explanations. course is quite easy if you like programming. if you don't go to class you're screwed as the lecture slides are fairly useless. book is useless (never even bought it and got an a).", 'she is a very good prof and try her best to teach and enable you to understand.', 'greatest prof ever! lots of examples, hints, things to know for exams/labs/assignments were discussed during lectures! want a b-a? attend her lectures. take notes. do the labs ahead of time( lots of time given..) start early on assignments!', 'she is just a great prof. she explains the materials very well and uses examples from our daily lives to get it into our heads. repeats the important things we took in class in every class. gives out her power point slides. never used the book. quizzes are easy but have some trick questions that must have been discussed in the class before.', 'as a student majoring in psychology, comp sci was out of my realm. the first time i attempted to fill my credits i took comp sci 101 with prof kerolus. it was a horrible experience that made me feel like i would never complete this credit. sadaf works hard for her students to succeed, if you are in the same situation as me do your class with sadaf', "best professor i have had (yet). she does a good job at getting the tougher concepts across by using analogies. by attending all the lectures you will learn everything you need to do well in the course. the exams are pretty easy, so don't stress over them, and make sure to get online vignettes over with asap.", 'she is funny! she will usually try to do a small review every day which is very helpful! her lectures are so organized and awesome! she cares so much about her students and is available at any time! wonderful prof!', "great prof, makes everything crystal clear. easy coursework and labs and a good way to learn the basics of programming (using python, which is a pretty simple language). if you've done any programming before this will probably be one of the easier courses you take in your university career.", 'she is very caring, and always checks in with her students during lecture to see if you understand. explains topics thoroughly.', 'sadaf ahmed is a wonderful teacher. she is always willing to help and her explanations are very easy to understand. she also has a way of making potentially boring concepts interesting. there is no prior knowledge of math needed and if you attend class and do assigned readings/review lectures youll find this class very easy.', "absolutely attend every class, it's heavily information laden. she's a wonderfully sweet professor with a big heart, trying her best to explain complex algorithms. i highly recommend making sure you understand every part of the material, ask her questions, she's very approachable and will help in any way she can.", 'very helpful and easy-to-follow lectures. fair exams. highly recommended.', 'amazing prof, a touch repetitive, but perhaps necessary in an introductory course. very helpful and i came out feeling i learned a huge amount about programming. my only beef is her love of comic sans. ugh, the font burns my eyes.', 'great prof, i attended tues and thurs classes and they were pretty interesting. if you actually write down everything she writes and do the labs before your labs start you will have no problem getting a+. midterms were easy and final was even easier. open book midterms and finals made this class fun.', 'good prof, a little bit rush at the end of the class. i go class everyday, even kind of tough for me, i got better than i thought.', "open book exams = easiest a+ ever. oh, and she's actually incredibly knowledgable. take her class if you can.", 'good', "sadaf ahmed is a great prof for introductory computing science. really takes the time to explain the concepts and answers students questions clearly and respectfully. lectures are a bit dry though and if you have any prior experience it's a breeze.", 'sadaf is a very good teacher. she is very helpful and nice. i like her.', "you have to attend every single lecture! depending on which lecture you miss, you can fall behind and stay behind for the rest of the semester. she makes difficult topics easy and interesting. she's really nice and is always willing to answer questions too. exams can be tricky if you're not careful though", 'a very caring professor who is passionate about her work. make sure to do practice questions for the midterm and final.', "i had no coding experience prior to taking this class and at first i found it tough, but prof. ahmed was super helpful and really helped explain the concepts well. the online videos you have to watch in the beginning are super annoying but really important to establish base knowledge. go to class and follow along and you'll do great.", 'as a third year student , this is my first time to rate a prof because she deserves it! chose cmput 174 as an optional course with no coding experience before and still got an a+.sadaf is a fantastic lady wherever in class or in office, she makes the course easy. if you show up to lecture and do the labs, you can get any score you want! choose her!', 'she explains concepts very clearly in lecture and answers questions really well! expectations for exams is clear and she is extremely helpful when studying. great prof for beginners!', 'teacher was helpful and showed concern for students understanding material. a very small accent that was generally easy to understand. a few errors in lecture slides however prevent a perfect score.', 'sadaf is an excellent prof and i really liked her', "she's a great professor when it comes to explaining, teaching you how to think about the concepts, and how to apply the concepts properly. she really sets the bar high for professors which allows you to appreciate her class. i don't show up to a lot of classes because i feel i can learn better alone but i never missed one of her classes.", "the material is very easy, and she has very unnoticable accent. her exams are very easy, and she's always helpful. but i would recommend jones' cmput 101 if you can get in before she leaves(summer 2k5).", "good prof, nice and approachable. has a little trouble explaining some of the more complex concepts but shes fairly clear. don't buy the textbook. if you go to class you should be fine. quite interesting course overall", 'i found her very helpful and the concepts very clear. i never noticed that she had an accent.', 'this professor is awesome! she is super concerned about your understanding and she is really friendly and helpful! i never learned computer science before but i made a great job in her tests. feel free to ask questions and taking her classes are extremely important for tests! super clarity and nice communication!', "really great professor, definitely recommend. make sure you understand the codes she wrote in class. ask if you don't, she is always willing to help and explain further if you put in the effort.", "amazing professor, and no i'm not just saying that because i got a decent mark. i passed with a b+ but i worked for that mark. however, sadaf is a really passionate prof who cares about her students. visit her office for help with anything from the lab to the in-class material. midterm and final were both fair. easily the best prof i've had.", 'she goes over concepts to make sure everybody understands and is really nice and helpful. kinda boring lectures tho.', 'really easy tests; good at explaining things', 'pretty good teacher, try to help students understand the course.', "she is one of the best professor i've had so far. the concepts are taught fairly easy to understand, whenever there is confusions, she is always willing to help as long as you ask.", 'the best prof in u of a! love her so much. she is nice and friendly, and she is happy to help you. her office hour is useful as well. her lecture is useful, so do not skip class. anyway, i will recommend this prof to people who want to take cmput 174.', 'sadaf ahmed, simply the best prof that the university of alberta has hired. goes through information carefully and is extremely detailed. she ensures that students understands, helpful in class demonstrations. she literally saved my semester.', 'excellent professor. cares about her student. highly recommend.', 'cheat sheets for all of the exams/quizzes, clear voice and slide, and over a week to complete each lab (she released them on sunday so if your lab was on friday you would have 5 days to do it early and it would not be due for marking until the next lab giving you an extra week). overall, a pretty easy class for the people who did their work.', '(k so im the one w/ the apple, sorry i didnt know it was so loud), but i just wanna say that this prof was excellent, and the material was easy enough if u actually studied it, but if ur not y r u there ne way&#63; totally easy to understand/almost no accent noticeable, the notes were environmentally-friendly for me[like 10pages] i recomend the course!', "an amazing prof i would like to take w/ again. she clearly explains concepts as well as repeats them so students get it in their head. if students don't understand, she's willing to go over the concept however many times. fast on emailing and is amazing in her office explaining things.", 'she was really nice. made herself available the morning of the final for last minute questions which was nice. she cares about her students, often asked me how it was going and when i told her i was struggling, she checked back with me. attending class is a good idea because she gives hints about exams but perfect attendance not required.', 'best professor ever!!! lecture is very clear and useful. make sure you go to each lecture, you will get a easily.', "sadaf ahmed is the most caring, funny, and big hearted professor ever. she really makes sure you understand and is there for you if you don't. she even held out of class help sessions if you wanted extra help. she really takes teaching to the next level and defines what a good teacher is.", 'really liked prof ahmed. found her approachable and easy to understand. she was often repetitive with certain questions or concepts, but it definitely helped me remember things (may differ for you depending on how you learn). had her during fall 2015.', "sadaf is frankly an amazing prof. she always makes an effort to help students understand concepts in class, going fairly slow and reiterating important ideas. she is very accessible in office hours and is always very pleasant. she won't test on anything absurd, and is reasonable in her expectations for what we learned. take 174 with her."]
['if you are a weak student, you will suffer. if you are a good student, you will progress more. use of animations in lectures which makes the topic easy to understand. accent hard to understand at first, but you get used to it. recommended if you love system stuff.', "great prof. best class i've taken, learned so much from him. accent a little hard at first but you get use to it. he is very willing to work with and encourage students. he will try to learn your name unlike a lot of other profs. not a easy class though, he will make you work but you will learn so much from it. i recommend him.", 'the prof is awesome and the class material itself is hard. heavy course load, but you can learn a lot from this class. will be hard to have spare time on other classes if you know nothing about assembly. better take fewer classes or more easy classes the gpa you get in this class is totally depend on the effort you put not which grade you are in.', "great prof! makes an effort to know every student. i couldn't have cared less about low level systems stuff before this class, now i'm seriously considering making it my focus. i'd say he's the best prof i've had so far in my 1.5 years at u of a. i'd recommend this class to any cs student, even if you don't want to do low level stuff in your career", 'nelson is one of the treasures of our cs department. always approachable, always helpful and mindful of his students. his passion for the subject matter is contagious. he does not water down the courses he teaches which results in them being hard, but perfectly doable with a solid amount of work. if you work hard, you will do well and learn a lot.', "fantastic prof! it didn't seem to matter how busy he was, he dedicated time to help his students and do the best for his class. a caveat, however: the textbook isn't great, and the material in this course is very densely packed. try to take a lighter course load if you take this class because there's only so much a great prof can do for you.", 'best prof ever.', "dr. amaral is friendly, and actually makes a connection with his students. he approaches topics in a variety of ways, and really ensures understanding. on top of that, the homework is worth so little as to be optional. he's a little unconventional, but easily the best prof i've had at the uofa.", "the best prof i've ever had. however this is a very difficult class. i almost recommend taking it as a third year as that really gave me an advantage over the other students. i highly look forward taking more of his classes and he has made me love this area of computer science.", 'prof likes to engage in discussions and at times goes over harder topics again to make sure the whole class is on the same page. make time for assignments because it is very time consuming. prof seems passionate in computer architecture.', "at first i got the odd impression that he didn't like me, but i think it's just that his tone of voice can be deceiving. in fact, he's one of the most caring and respectful profs i've ever had, but also one of the most skilled at lecturing. take his courses!", "also found on this site as nelson amaral. not a bad prof, but very demanding. on top of that, the material is abstract and challenging, so it's not a course to be taken lightly. mwf section had a two day midterm, avg ~50%. tr section had one day midterm, avg ~40%. i dropped due to my workload, but others seemed to enjoy the class.", 'just an caring person in general!', 'really great prof, class was tough but he is an amazing lecturer', "one of the best profs in canada. teaches real solid compiler and system knowledge. i'm not strong in system and compiler, so i suffered a lot from this course. however, i think it's worth taken. you will learn all you need to know about computer science in this course. you will gain solid hands on experience on how to implement a modern compiler.", "also found on this site as amaral jose. not a bad prof, but very demanding. on top of that, the material is abstract and challenging, so it's not a course to be taken lightly. mwf section had a two day midterm, avg ~50%. tr section had one day midterm, avg ~40%. i dropped due to my workload, but others seemed to enjoy the class.", 'absolutely amazing prof, best lectures ever and easy exams. highly recommended!', 'a really caring prof. he helps you out whenever u need it. the course itself is very hard in general though', 'one of the most caring,invested profs i have seen yet. knew students well. always made interesting,animated slides (but 1st draft often had errors). if you ask,he puts in the effort to help you understand. that being said, this course is nowhere near fair in workload or grading scheme. watch for small,unimportant details that he will fail you for.', "there is a lot of material covered in this course, but he gives you great notes and a lot of practice problems that you should keep up with if you want to get a good grade. don't fall behind :)", "he really wants to make sure you understand the material. of course if you don't work hard you are not going to enjoy his teaching or this class.", "very good prof. his explanations are clear and he will answer any questions you have if you don't understand. he records all his lectures, so you don't have to worry about missing a class. the course itself is very difficult and requires lots of effort to get a good grade.", "great prof! he expects a lot from his students but you get a lot out of the course. i learned so much from these classes! way more then any other cs course i've ever taken. if you have the chance take a course with him. it will be a good experience. if you are a poor to average student beware. he will make you work; don't worry, it's a good thing.", "he has a very clear, understandable way of explaining concepts. you will want to read the textbook, as the subsidiary information is helpful. he's definitely the best prof to get for this class. just study, you'll do fine. though, i would suggest taking it after 201, not concurrently. big picture stuff helps the small details.", 'deep knowledge and quality lectures', 'he is by far my favourite prof. the courses he teaches are very difficult but he actually cares if his students understand the material. while test averages are typically low he does curve. i will be taking all of the courses he teaches (though admittedly with a lighter course load).', 'he remembered almost all students in his class!!! amazing prof. his labs are a little bit difficult and they are really time consuming. but the exams are not that hard since he gives you a bank of questions.', 'awesome prof. he teaches for the students, wish he could teach all courses :)', 'he makes hard topics easy to understand. which is very difficult. depth in knowledge. complete workaholic. typical portuguese accent. a nice person.', "excellent prof. he really puts a lot of effort into his lectures. even with the difficult subject matter the course was very interesting. in one lecture he got students to act out a cache! he also makes a sincere effort to learn student's names and involve them in class participation. difficult course, but he's the best prof to teach it.", "challenging but very good prof. didn't like him at first, but he's very friendly and really challenges his students. very good (don't expect an easy class though!)"]
['he is an amazing prof. he cares for his students and it shows in both his office hours and in class. going to class is of great benefit as he is very good at making hard concepts seem simple. there is a decent amount of work in this class compared to other 100 level classes. if you are prepared to work you will get the mark u want.', 'osmar is a truly inspirational teacher. i am a huge fan of his class, and would love to take any class he is teaching. his lectures are very informative and well thought out. he made the topic of computing science very accessible for me.', 'he is the most greatest prof i have ever met! you should try your best to enroll his course. he explained everything in detail and make them easy and understandable. he is a great helper too. if you have difficulty, he will try his best to help you.', 'good prof. teaches and explains material really well. assignments descriptions could be a bit better, but usually you can figure out everything from the e-class forum. tests are a bit too long and some questions can be a surprise.', 'great prof. was obviously passionate about teaching computing science. i am actually thinking about taking more computer science in the future. would recommend osmar and the course to all my friends. i hope he teaches other courses.', 'well organized and speaks clearly. good prof.', "he is a really good prof, his lecture is clear enough to make you understand what is going on. it's vivid", 'best professors i have ever had. he explains the data structure very interesting.', 'very well prepared and interesting instructor. his methods are very impactful. he is a very good lecturer who definitely made me want to learn more about data structures.', "simply the best! osmar is very kind and takes time to listen to his students and gives great feedback. if you can convince him that you did your best, you'll get a great mark, because he's all about you learning and trying your best to understand.", 'i learned a lot from his lectures because they were very detailed and contained a lot of analogies. you can definitely tell that he wants everyone to succeed. if you follow his advice such as reading over the slides before class, you can get a good mark in this course.', 'make the idea very clear. good for beginner. also very humorous.', "very good prof. inspirational. i didn't know what to expect but osmar made me love computer science. he knows how to motivate students and obviously likes teaching. i recommend him and his course to any student. i hope to get him again in another course.", 'very good prof. he does have a significant amount of trick/ambiguous questions on exams.', 'one of the very best professors in the dept. osmar is very caring, respected and methodical in terms of teaching. also, his explanations on subject topics are very clear and teaching slides are very detailed. despite of his busy schedule he manages time to talk with his students anytime they knock him!', 'basically you have to go into the course understanding that a ton of work including group project due during final exams period!! also midterm is straight code writing and is long. if you are willing to live with that, the course material is fairly useful and prof is a good lecturer.', 'great prof. very engaging lectures and clear illustration of the principles. first two midterms were doable but last one was substantially harder. his powerpoints are crystal clear and readable on its own but class really helps to reinforce the material.', 'there is no need for a textbook. all the material and slides are provided online. he is very attentive to the students. very approachable.. one of the best profs i had in cs. the course has a lot of work and lab uses crappy vm machines, but recommend the course and definitely recommend the prof. i learned a lot and will use what i learned.', 'well explained data structures and through object lessons. abstracted java to apply material to many high-level languages. available for questions out of class. friendly, easily understood. interesting exams.', 'caring, passionate, and enthusiastic. this is what i can say about osmar. his lectures on data structures are very clear, detailed, and concise.', "many topics covered in class. not enough time for all of it. it's a course that needs constant update. very difficult to keep-up for the teacher and for us. heavy load but relevant and we learned a lot. practical course for immidiate jobs. i hated all the assignments and project we had to do, but once i started working i now appreciate this course.", "awesome teacher. very helpful and respectful. he strives to encourage students in programming and learning new things. i like his attitude towards us. he doesn't speak at us but speaks to us. great prof. i will continue in cs. thanks. i hope other profs are like him.", 'good prof. one of those i will remember.', "definitely one of the best profs i've had. he just wants his students to succeed. his teaching is amazing; he makes the topics very clear and easy to understand. listen to his advice and pay attention in class to get a good mark on the exams. be prepared to put in quite a lot of work for assignments and labs though.", 'not bad prof, always focus on researching not teaching. interesting lecture, tough marker and overload assignments. if you take cmput 175, then just take 3 more course at the same semester, cuz his assignments will take 80% of your time.', "i came to this site by accident and was dismayed by the crap the previous rater wrote. i took the course 2 years ago. the course was awesome & osmar was a fantastic teacher, very helpful. now that i work i can appreciate he's teachings. the course load is heavy and there is a lot to learn but its content is priceless. one of the best instructors.", "he's the best prof i've had so far. lectures are interesting and he works hard to make concepts clear to students. very approachable and entertains doubts and questions through e-mails, in office hours and even in class. my advice, 'take his class'.", 'awesome motivator. very good with students and always available. he interrupts his work to answer our questions even when we show up unannounced to his office. uses very simple examples to explain concepts in class & makes sure students get it. assignments were a little unorganized and required clarifications to become feasible. exam easy but long.', 'awesome!']
["really passionate about his pedagogy and interested in making sure his students learn. the tests are pretty difficult, but they do genuinely test how well you know the material. if you have no experience with programming before this you'll probably have some trouble with the course but as long as you put in some effort you should be fine.", 'very helpful. general concepts were explained in a manner consistent with concepts learned in later courses.', "maybe he's gone downhill since the last review because i couldn't stand the guy. lectures were old powerpoints from another prof. filled with mistakes which he just read off of, exams were unreasonable (e.g. one was designed for students to not finish on time, multiple choice questions have up to 9 options) and so on. i wish i had the other guy.", 'duane szafron was a great professor. his lecture notes were clear, and he tried some in-class programming this year (which was really helpful). he clearly showed us our marks on the two midterms right away, what we did wrong, and how to fix the mistakes. i look forward to taking more classes with him in the future if possible.', 'only problem was all tests were ridiculously long. none of the students could finish on time. as for me, i understood all the material but the midterms basically tested on how fast you could write.', 'amazing prof. makes computing approachable. great at rephrasing topics, drawing pictures for explanation. labs were fun but hard, and mandatory to be with a partner. spent a lot of time outside of lab time working on it. prof was super quick to answer emails and online forum posts though. super fun class, even with all the work. tests were easy.', "duane is a fantastic professor, really one of the few that actually cares. don't know anything about comp sci or programming&#63; then i definitely recommend duane. his first class he finished his rant with &quot;/rant&quot; that's an a+++ in my books. take him", "i'm going to miss this course. that should tell you something about how awesome it is.", 'excellent at explaining the concepts', 'friendly, helpful the class is clear. exam is not very easy. (really depends on your level)', 'excellent prof. excellent explanations and does an example coding project at the end of classes to show how a full program comes together. might have been useful for those with no programming experience if he had shown more code earlier in the classes but other than that no complaints. very easy course if you have any experience writing code.', "innovative pedagogy, entertaining class, and amazing professor. i'll miss this class.", "excellent professor, spoke clearly and explained the concepts well. as this was my first intro to programming, i found it best to supplement his lectures with reading the textbook. midterms and the exam were challenging, and made you think, so that's another plus. all in all, if you've never programmed before, his course is a great intro to it.", 'very clear and thorough in class. he obviously cares about the students and wants them to succeed. only complaint is that 2nd midterm was too long for the time limit; nobody was able to finish in time.', 'great professor.', "the prof was a really nice guy and helpful but the lectures were mostly theory based in that barely any programming was done to help the students understand the concepts.the exams were really long and no one finished since the mc had 9 options to chose from. if you have no experience with programming prior to this class then don't take this class!", 'best prof in the department', 'very clear, no bs on exams - straight forward.', 'very nice professor!just finding computer is so interesting! very kind to help students out. his lecture is very clear and well-orgenized. willing to answer questions in class and repeat quesion one more time to make every students know.', 'very good prof, very helpful, but speak so fast and not good for program beginner. overall, amazing prof.', "probably the best teaching prof in the department. why doesn't he teach more courses&#63;!", 'i would have sold my soul to not take this class. i hate computers and have no interest in programming. no choice :( but dr. szafron is seriously everything an instructor should be. helpful, respectful, will spend as much time as you need to make you understand things, will explain concepts in different ways to make sure you get it. amazing prof!', "duane is great. he's very eager to help students. course is very theory based and structured off the powerpoints, so i would say attendance is not a absolute must. although, his explanations do make the material easier. tests are extremely time constrained. not mandatory but prior programming experience does help.", 'excellent prof. explains concepts clearly. notes are very thorough. extremely organized, and exams are quite reasonable. possible best prof at &quot;teaching&quot; in the cs dept.']
['this course is quite different from other courses and is highly recommended for an introduction to research in multimedia.', 'best professor ever!', 'makes students think and work hard on innovative projects.', 'very hands-on course with a lot to learn.', 'great lectures and projects.', 'he maybe not good for 115 but when i had him in 204 he was pretty helpful.', 'excellent clear lectures', 'very interesting and hands on course.', 'very interesting, hand on & entertaining course. wish i had more time to do a better job in the project.', 'best instructor.', 'make very difficult concepts easy to understand. lots of material to read up on if you are interested.', 'really practical and one of the most useful courses.', 'very interesting group projects', 'excellent course where i learned a lot.', 'excellent learning experience with hands-on team projects.']
["seems very friendly, although i never actually went to talk to her after class. her explanations were clear, but she didn't always seem completely prepared (a program did not work, so we spent most of class correcting it) all in all a good prof though :)", 'excellent presentation of the material. assignments covered the material well and were easy to complete if started early. later exams evaluated competence instead of rote memorization, which is simply outstanding. highly recommended.', "extremely hard class but she is a great prof. very smart. her explanations are clear and concise and if there's anything i didn't understand it's because i just wasn't smart enough to take that class. ;)", 'a great prof who tried her best to keep class engaging. well organized notes, which were posted online. assignments and seminar questions were similar to those on the midterms and final.', 'this course could have been a nightmare, but dr. steward had great teaching abilities.', 'fair reasonable professor', 'she is the martha stewart of algorithms! wonderful prof. very nice and helpful. writes clear and useful notes in class that closely follow the textbook; exams and assignments based directly on the notes. marking is very fair and she will go over exams and give back marks if there was a mistake. tough final but still fair. taken: winter 2011.', 'best comp. sci. prof in the faculty.', "friendly prof but was sometimes disorganized (programs not working, etc). class is quite boring and the languages taught are mostly useless. exams were not too hard and minimal studying should pull you through no problem. easy labs that can be done at home. didn't even read the textbook. decent prof and easy science credit if you need one.", "she was a great prof. she made the concepts in 304 seem easy! a wonderful prof! the lectures were enjoyable to go to (that's saying a lot for a theory course:) )!", 'class is quite boring, but her notes (posted online) are fantastic. speaks slowly and monotone, but knowledgeable. if you require a good lecture to learn, find another prof, but if you just need good notes take her class!', 'very good prof, falls just short of what i would call a great prof. explanations are quite good, although be sure to youtube a lot of topics for further clarification. not the greatest prof ever, but by no means a bad one. recommended.', 'she speaks slow but very good prof, definitely recommended.']
["i really enjoyed hindle's teaching. notes are straightforward, cheat sheets allowed in exams, and they follow the same format as practice. the course material itself is not difficult. the project takes up a lot of your time and effort. although his face is serious at first, he will start to smile and be more approachable the more you talk to him", 'most approachable, knowledgeable cs prof at uofa. knows a little bit of everything with decent depth. great, great guy, amazing lecturer. quizzes are for participation only & he sees what class knows. project is tough but amazing learning. start early, get a good group. labs could be improved. range of grades is small: 86% b, 95% a, midterm matters', 'great prof. learned a lot of very useful software development skills.', 'this professor gives a lot of materials(both videos and text notes) for studying.', "abram does his best to make his lectures exciting. he takes daily quizzes so you can not skip. my only complaint is his marking rubric is flawed for project. only 15% of your marks is determined from program you write. unit tests, documentation, uml diagram, ect takes the rest of grades. don't bother refining program, just follow rubric.", 'i highly respect prof hindle. it seems to me that he really takes his job seriously and he really wants students to get the material he is delivering. he does a great job of teaching.', 'great professor, wish i had him for some of the introductory software courses. his course structure is brilliant. make sure you attend class because he has almost daily quizzes which are free marks if you attend. also for the project be very mindful of the rubric, not a lot of the marks are for the actual code.', "my best advice for people taking hindle's 301 is to make sure you know a little bit of android and java before the term begins. this is a class that heavily favours students who have such previous knowledge and who also have a close, competent group of friends to work on the project in a buttery smooth manner. if else, the project is hell.", 'abram is a good lecturer and a fair tester/marker. the project pretty much killed me, but it pretty much does that to everyone. keeps the lectures interesting by inserting jokes. check out "scruntscrunt" while you are at it.', 'abram is a great prof. he teaches practical development techniques that you can apply in the real world. he was always willing to help and prompt to reply emails. course was a bit dry, but he encouraged attendance by having daily "quizzes" (not marked; for participation). android development part was also great fun if you have a good team.', 'what a great guy. he clearly understands the course material and how to teach it. midterm and final had clear requirements and closely followed the practice problems. a large portion of the course is a group project which is great for learning software engineering and team work.', 'while he claim he wont post soltuion for sample exam, you can found them easily by visiting the forum and see his feedback on others sample exam. he should get some ta to do the exam first, there are some obvious mistakes in the final exam. he also allow you to bring 4 page of double side sheet to final exam, so easy a if prepare well.', "great professor. he cares about the course and making sure everybody understands the material. midterm and final are good and easy to prepare for with study sheets and practice problems. there's a project that you need to do in groups of 5, but as long as you follow the rubric and put time and effort into it it's an easy 40% of your total mark.", "best prof i've ever had. not sure where the last person was coming from as he gave practice midterms and finals as well as extensive notes, supplementary youtube videos and was very responsive to any questions asked on the forum or directly. overall he cares a lot about his subject matter and really seems to want students to succeed. a++ prof.", 'easiest professor in the department. gpa booster. 100% recommended!', 'great course! very crystal clear about discussing web based technologies. introduced concepts of websockets, rest, http basics, webmining, ajax, very clearly and succinctly. work is reasonably challenging and informative.', 'very knowledgeable professor, always available for q&a at the end of his lectures and during office hours. his assignments were interesting and taught you the latest in web development.', 'great professor =)']
['very nice,clear and easy.', 'good prof, clear speaker. she knew what she was talking about and clearly made an effort to keep the coursework interesting!', "great professor, super approachable, understanding and friendly. very clearly explains and teaches the material well! while attending class is not mandatory, you'll find it a lot easier to understand stuff by listening to her lectures than learning it on your own - but that is not to say it is impossible to catch up if you miss a day or two.", 'it was ok.', 'awesome prof, explains things really well. exams are fair.', "excellent instructor! i took both cmput 174/175 with professor smith. i didn't have any prior programming experience but i found the lecture easy to follow and the lab usually matched up very well with the lecture material. she was also available and very helpful outside of class for questions.", 'she is a great prof, and her exam is not too hard. she always try to make the course being interesting, which is great.', 'the course itself is not an easy one, at least for me, so it may not be a gpa booster even it is taught by jacqueline who barely fail students(btw she is clear&helpful). attendance is not mandatory but you can get 4 bonus marks by achieving over 90% of iclicker questions participation. paperbook is recommended even there is free access to e-version', "overall a good prof! everything you need to know is in the class notes. labs are helpful and assignments are fun. marked kinda easy on exams. good explanations and was always available and happy to help/answer questions. anyone with a bad review obviously did poorly in class or is new to university and doesn't get how it works. highly recommended!", 'she explains concepts slowly and clearly with concrete examples. she seems to really care about her class learning the material. the tests are quite a bit more difficult that the labs and assignments, but are graded fairly. clear and well explained feedback is given on the assignments and tests. over all, great prof.', "awesome use of handwritten slides rather than powerpoint. helps to keep students engaged, and allows for fluidity of presentation. everything gets covered from every angle, and overall the course was a great follow-up to cmput 174. i didn't realise there were bonus points for using iclicker, which is a bit odd... overall, fantastic prof.", 'very kind and helpful!exams are fair and reasonable! love her!', "clear speaker, fairly interesting, willing to help. class was graded on a midterm, a final, 3 assignments and a weekly lab. only complaint: no solutions were posted for practice exams and problems. don't skip class after the midterm. free access to an online textbook (which is also optional).", 'jacqueline is a really great prof. she speaks clearly and appears to care about her students. i highly recommend this prof!', "really a great professor. clear and professional. there for you anytime you need it and really good at answering emails. lectures are good. i wasn't interested in the subject until taking this class from her.", "this class was amazing. if you are interested at all in computing science but don't have any experience coding, this is the class to take, and this is the prof to take it with. it's definitely challenging, especially if your like me and have never coded before, but totally worth it if you are into it.", 'she is very helpful and very generous in marking exam. i think she is is more like a friend but the content in class goes to fast which can cause confusion.']
['he is very caring and nice. he goes through everything slowly, and always makes sure that everyone understand everything before moving one new stuff. as long as you understand the materials, you will do fine on the midterm and final, which are based on what you learned in class, no trick questions.', "he's a good lecturer but the course design itself seems flawed. if you have no coding experience the first few weeks are going to be very difficult, as he lectures as though you have a coding background. then in the latter half of the course, the course becomes boring and repetitive with little new content.", 'lectures consist of watching him write code for a game. i did not know any programming before his class, and i feel like i learned a lot. he really tries to make sure people understand. the midterm and final were really easy if you understand the basic. he has a slight accent, but he is easy to understand.', 'joerg is a fantastic professor. his lectures are clear and if you attend and pay attention the material of this course will come easy. overall this was a very easy course. one of the best things about joerg is how quickly he answered the forum when anyone had questions. his exams are fair and the projects are reasonable. just start them early.', "his lectures are aimed towards people who had no prior experience in programming. it can be boring at times, but it is really thorough. i highly recommend that you code along with him, and try to interact with him. he's really nice.", "he is an amazing choice of professor. open to any questions during class time and will explain it in a way that everyone understands. his midterm was very straightforward, he said he was going to make the final harder but it felt easier. there wasn't a single trick question. every method to getting a solution of his tests were introduced in class.", 'joerg is an amazing lecturer. he is very caring towards the students and you can come by his office at any time. made both the midterm and the final very clear. only concepts that were taught in class were in the tests. the course itself might be a little scary at first but i think its designed so we grasp programming and python in the end.', "he's a very good teacher and a funny guy, but he can get off on tangents every so often, usually by drastically over explaining any questions asked. his notes are a bit hard to read so go in ready to take your own or learn from the textbook/labs. no complaints other than that, the class was plenty of fun.", 'he explains really well, is careful to answer your actual questions and not what he thought was your question, very friendly, and an overall wonderful prof. plus cmput 174 is the best intro class to computing science at the uofa, especially with him.', 'the best computer science class prof ever, class is easy and there is no quiz on this class, only 2 easy assignments and 1 group project. the project is similar as past years, and the midterm is not hard if you review his sample for midterms. he really nice to explain the questions for students and the grade is easy.', 'excellent prof, i learned a lot from his lectures. i did not have prior programming experience but his explanations were so clear and detailed that i was fine. the hard part of this course (and other cs courses in my opinion) is the labs. i would recommend working on them in advance and seeking help when you need it.', 'very good professor. his class was cool and relaxing.download and print his notes, then all you have to do is sit and listen to what he is saying. maybe add a few lines to his notes. i loved doing the assignments as well.', 'a gifted lecturer. articulate and clear in his explanations of concepts. he answers questions on the discussion forum in a incredibly timely manner. i have not been to his office hours, so i can not speak for how he is one-to-one. overall, he imparted in me a curiosity to continue my education in databases. so, that gets 5 stars from me.']
["he's definitely not the easiest prof in the department, however he really challenges your thinking and provides ample opportunity for you to ask questions during class and he's always willing to clarify things. assignments are fairly tough, midterm was okay and final was easy. he uses questions from assignments on exams so study them well.", "definitely was a struggle at the beginning, but once you start to understand his expectations, it gets better. assignments were really difficult but it balanced out in the end with a decent midterm and final. the trick is to try to do as well on the assignments as possible because most of his exam questions will be something that you've seen before", 'many people tended to complain about him b/c he expects a lot out of the students. tends to go through content quickly through slides and does not like laptops in class (print out your notes). went into far more detail than required for the course (b/c he saw the significance in the course), expected you to know a lot from prerequisites.', 'extremely passionate and easy to understand', "took in 2017. or is incredibly strict and very intelligent. he doesn't have patience for students that do not want to achieve their best. i once asked him why he teaches 204 like a graduate class and he responded with, &quot;thank you.&quot; he allowed any amount of time for the final (i took 5 hrs). there was phd candidacy level questions on one assignment.", "i wasn't sure algos was a class for me but i have to say the prof makes it really accessible. so far the lectures have been engaging and well prepared. he really emphasized you should reach out to him if you have questions or misunderstandins so i plan on showing up to office hours a lot.", 'amazing prof that gives out very difficult homework assignments. he does give some extra credit stuff, and the final is a blessing - i raised my mark from failing to a c+ because of the final. his homework is very difficult, but i think i came out with an amazing understanding of the material because of it.', "cmput 204 isn't the easiest course to take. the difficulty of homework given is on par with honours math (or even higher), however the end result if totally worth it. attendeance to lectures is highly recommended though not mandatory. or goes through a lot of examples/proofs/analysis of algorithms discussed. to anyone: do math 117 before cmput204", 'amazing prof. very difficult concepts that were explained brilliantly. very difficult assignments, highly recommend starting early on them. midterm was harder than the final.', "or is an amazing prof. his assignments are challenging and take several hours to really understand each question. he's approachable and usually pretty helpful when asking questions. the class was insanely difficult so attendance is a must, reading the textbook to clear up any confusion is also helpful! pay attention and stay off your phone to pass!", 'or is probably hated by a lot of people in class because of how difficult his course was. all i can say is he is brilliant. makes you really work, and if you do put in the effort in doing the assignments (which is worth 50% in total, and averages around 50-60%), you can easily do the final with minimal preparation.', 'had him for 204, now 304. assignments are not as hard as 204, quizzes are trivial and lectures are mostly clear. does require strong math backgrounds though (e.g. math 117/127) to do well. would recommend if you like algorithms and problem solving.']
["one of the best profs i've ever had the pleasure of taking a course from.", 'great prof, hope to have him again. very responsive, even to questions outside of the course material.', 'excellent instructor. explains concepts very clearly and defintely one of the better profs in comp sci.', "a software engineering class from a software engineering prof&#63; unthinkable! dr. hoover has a great public speaking ability and can make even the most mundane subjects engaging. if you assume he's a lightweight prof because he's in software engineering", "this class was taught by two profs, but hoover was listed as the only prof so i am rating him. went into the class knowing basic conditionals (if, for, while) and left knowing object oriented programming, test driven development, what will be expected of you in the 'real world' and the knowledge to teach myself anything related to comp sci i desire", 'i went into this class knowing absolutely nothing about computers!! he made it easy to understand and was always sooo approachable! i emailed him numerous times regarding questions about concepts, and he always replied the next day in terms that i could really understand! great prof!!', 'decent prof, but extremely unprofessional. maybe its just his schtick or something, but for some who is running for department chair, sending a mass email to the entire department telling everyone to "suck it up" about the budget cuts and decrying the value of arts students is probably not advisable.', 'mr. hoover is an excellent teacher, sometimes he may seem a little too knowledgeadble but he loves what he does a lot and he loves answering questions. honestly, one of the best teachers ever!', 'best prof in the department', 'hoover is a brilliant prof who actually cares. rare at this institution. very helpful and easy to understand as someone who has never done anything related to the content before.', 'great prof, very helpful in class and out of class. fun, in class programming helpful and informative.', 'he is a very good lecturer and explains concepts well, but the grading for this course was too easy. students receiving less than 40% with a class average over 70% passed unconditionally.', "this guy is probably one of the best professors that i've had.", 'informative and fun']
["dr bowling is a fantastic professor. he's active, engaged and loves teaching. i'd recommend taking any class he teaches.", "as a person he's pretty good and easy to deal with, but as a professor, he's not very good. he's very personable and approachable, but not very rigorous or formal in the way he teaches, which makes it difficult when it comes to assignments and exams.", 'great professor; probably one of the best on campus. he gives amusing lectures, involves the class, and marks fairly while still challenging students to improve and do their best.', 'great prof. makes the class fun.', "his teaching style concentrates on process. he won't give you the theorem; he'll give you a problem, then help you generalize it. this is important in a class like 204 because you learn to solve things by yourself. ~higher class average in 204.", "this professor was great. he answered all my questions, clearly and quickly until i understood. when the class said it was difficult to follow well and copy notes, he brought a copy of the notes for everyone before class (didn't use them but good reference). i definitely recommend him, as any other 204 prof may hurt your gpa.", 'excellent prof; knows and explains the concepts very clearly. thankfully, no powerpoint notes...engages students and approachable', 'this guy is an awesome professor, and he is especially good at teaching the tangible computing classes. his lectures were easy to follow and he kept them interesting with jokes (if he was awake). he was really good at helping people as well, he could usually understand the problem right away, and help you by directing you to the answer. awesome guy', 'dr. bowling was extremely helpful in quickly understanding people\'s questions and helping them to understand the concept, instead of just giving them the answer. the main problem that i had was with the course layout. i found the course to be "sink or swim" due to the fast pace. i had no prior programming experience, so i found the course hard.', "seems like he really knows what he is talking about, but the class was so dumbed down and slow moving, it was impossible to pay attention. i don't know if that is a reflection of the content or the prof. i went to maybe 5 classes all term and had no trouble with any of the material. everything about this class was just so easy.", 'fantastic class, with a fantastic prof. i recommend him as a prof is not only this class, but any other computing class you may take.', 'the best prof in cmput who i had already met. great notes print for you, exams are ok and class was fun and neat. great prof!!!!', 'attendance not mandatory to class but was helpful in labs. textbook reinforced understanding. if you want to do well, you will. professor was helpful and prepared you for exams.']
["huge champ. nice fellow. crazy easy class if you're able think mathematically/logically. lab assignments are often simple plus you get an obscene amount of time to complete them. great prof, knowledgable and a great lecturer", 'best prof so far. explains everything and is clear, also he has the easiest tests ever. awesome prof.', 'fairly easy class. i am a biology major and need math credits for my degree. i struggle with calculus and algebra and gave this a try instead (as it counts as math credits). i have done really well in class. i recommend attending all classes. joe is very helpful if anything is unclear. great class', "definitely one of the easiest classes i've taken in university. all tests are open book so if you just go to class and take half-decent notes, you're pretty much guaranteed an a. the assignments are a little difficult sometimes but it doesn't matter when you have a ridiculously easy midterm & final.", 'i took cmput 204 (algorithms i) with dr. culberson in winter 2001, a long time ago. i struggled with the challenging course; especially initially. the prof was extremely helpful with the course and helped me out so much whenever i had questions about the course material; no matter how many the questions were or how stupid, he always helped me out.', 'one of the best classes i have taken! joe gives great lectures and everything is explained very clearly. although the tests were not easy they were not hard either. very good prof!', "he is so cute. i didn't do very well in his class because i suck computers and science. but he is like a big kid. i wanted to hug him. so cute. you don't have to go to class, you don't need the textbook... just look at him. so cute", 'despite looking like a farmer joe is a brain on two legs. his class was interesting, if hard. he is fair and happy to explain things, even outside of office hours.', 'joseph culberson is an awesome professor, just make sure to attend to all his classes!', 'great professor! class easy if you can understand basic programming. very nice guy.', "genuinely nice guy. lecture attendance is a must because that's the only way you'll learn the material. textbook not required, i didn't bother with it. perfectly clear in examples and very easy to follow. exams were a bit tough as they required a lot of careful thought and understanding. if you're good at computing already you'll do really well.", "extremely intelligent and willing to help. it was hard to follow if you didn't read the textbook but that was more due to the nature of the class than his teaching."]
['he is a good researcher, may be that is why he is not a interesting instructor,', 'best computing science prof in the department, which is an easy statement to make given the poor quality of &quot;teaching&quot; in there. speaks clearly, knows his stuff, actually helpful during his office hours, and is fair.', 'helpful!', 'very good prof, very helpful personally as well', 'one of the best profs, very knowledgeable and helpful...', 'the best prof i have ever met, nice and smart. miss him very much!', 'easy! assignments are somewhat long tho...', 'hong made this the best computing science course offered.', "he is very knowledgeable in robot area, and you really need to spend time on researching. course is not easy, but i think it's the most interesting course i ever take in university.", 'pretty cool', "good teacher and presents things clearly, up for questions and discussion at your level after class. generous about grading. doesn't discourage at all."]
["good teacher, has problems with exams. tests things that aren't talked about very much. midterms are very difficult. midterm averages were both 60%, but half the class got 80-90% and half got 30-50%. questions are specific, first midterm had a third of questions on a single concept tht was never tested in labs. second midterm was not better.", 'well, he is a really good prof. the exam is quite easy and only covers the lecture slids. his liecture sometimes is sort of boring but the exam is easy.', 'very helpful, easy to talk to, passionate about his subject, even at an introductory level', 'clear lectures and very helpful during office hours. fair marker.', 'good prof, hard class', 'amazing prof, how he gets students to pay attention even if he is 10 minutes late is commendable. always clear and concise and willing ot help, more of a coach than teacher. excellent prof. and hot.', 'his courses are challenging, but he is a good teacher. also, his questions on his exams are nice. whoever makes a question based on terminator is a great prof in my book ;)', 'very good prof, with a few big flaws. the tested material was not an accurate representation of class material, leading to low averages. that said, he is very friendly, approachable professor who answers questions extremely well and makes the class easy to understand. he also teaches 250, which seems like an awesome class for him to teach.', "awesome teacher, kind of inconsistent in terms of exam difficulty, so you might get smacked around randomly in terms of grades (first midterm avg, 53%, second midterm avg, 91%) but it wasn't intentional, he just over-corrected with the second midterm. makes you very interested in the class and teaches it like he studies it."]
["fantastic prof! the course itself is pretty dry, but he does a great job of keeping you interested. one of the most approachable professors i have had as well. study up! quizzes and exams are open book, but averages were high 50s to low 60s. he doesn't pull any punches. highly recommended!", 'absolutely amazing prof. he makes a lot of dull content interesting by his enthusiasm alone. completely open to feedback - positive or negative. if you have to take c229 - try and get mike!', 'the lectures were great! i loved the discussion format! the exams were another story. his questions were very ambiguous and open-ended. it left you wondering what he was asking. other then that i would recommend that you take this course.', 'awesome prof. really wants you to do well, and makes an effort to get to know his students. very helpful. made this course interesting.', "very helpful prof, even occasionally held office hours in the lab which no other prof of mine has done. likes to put on a &quot;mean and nasty&quot; persona but it's all in jest and he's a nice guy.", 'this is the best professor i have ever had in my entire university career. he is the essence of a great professor, always there, always helpful and cares about his students. keep up the great work dr. m!!!!', 'helpful, enthusiastic, a skilled lecturer, and he knows his stuff.', 'very lazy unprepared prof. the course was very boring, and some of the students happened to know more about the subject than he did', 'great prof. he did a great job of explaining course materials.', "very helpful prof, although some of his explanations are vague. the course itself wasn't that interesting or useful."]
['great professor!', "very enthusiastic about ai. he's really truly excited about what he's teaching you. fair assignments and exams. pretty much adorable.", "i really enjoyed this course, and russ is a great professor!the two midterms are very easy and straight forward. the final is much more difficult than midterms. don't really need to read the textbook, but must know how to read/write programs. i only spent 4 hours reviewing for final and got a+. a highly recommended easy course.", 'this professor is awesome. one of my favorite professors of all times. very knowledgable, helpful, respectful, kind and fun. if you get a chance to take a course with him, or work with him, do so.', 'engineering and computing science are among the stronger departments at u of a. professor greiner had his education in caltech and stanford. i give him a+. meanwhile if you want to do well in hard science, be prepared to put in some solid effort.', "this stanford graduate represents the best of the department of computing science. very patient, and very efficient. tries to skip mathematical details and focus on concepts. as one of the world's leading researchers in machine learning at the aicml, you get a world class educator. rl", "moderately tough class, the beeperbot stuff is easy, the python stuff is hard. lots of ways to pick up your grade in this class, but still requires hard work and effort. he goes on tangents and his notes are impossible to study from, but he's helpful and has tons of tas to help as well. assignments take a lot of time to complete.", 'professor greiner is inspirational. his enthusiasm for machine learning is contagious. his machine learning course is the foundational course that helped me launch my career in this exciting area. he is a real joy to interact with and encourages co-operation between students for course project . gives great feedback on your project work!', 'he was a good prof clear and only a few lectures were dull fairly straight forward course just make sure you know the languages']
["tough course, but very worthwhile to take. pawel know's his stuff and respect his students. lectures extend the textbook and make reading the textbooks not boring anymore. assignments are very meaningful and prepare students for both industry and the academic world. never imagine can learn so much useful stuff just in one course.", 'great prof. very understanding. he would like everything to get more experienced through the course.', 'really understanding prof. tries to accomodate all the students when it comes to assignment deadlines and exams. interesting lectures. he gives us real world examples and applications. wants the students to do well in the class.', "has real-world experience, and is able to describe things with such clarity that you can visualize operating system processes. he's also good at managing the class, and is very enthusiastic.", "awesome prof - the best cmput prof i've had. thankfully he's actually done things in the real world, and he knows his stuff. i hope he never stops teaching this course. i hope i get him for cmput 313 as well.", 'excellent professor. recommended.', 'pawel _know_ his stuff. a definite os and networking guru.', "excellent prof. very knowledgable. tough course, but worthwile. he's kinda hot too."]
['awesome prof! he is one of the few professors that actually cares how his first year course students are doing. he is very approachable, and his lectures are definitely worthwhile to go to!', "awesome prof! one of the best i've ever had. he's a very helpful guy and wants students to understand the material more then anything! tests are really easy if you pay attention in class and attend lectures. he may be a bit hard to understand at first but you get used to it. get him if you can. also, the textbook is really helpful.", 'god bless this man! he is one of those professors that actually takes a personal interest in the well-being and development of his students. provides personal feedback to everyone on homework and often visits labs to check on the progress! very very helpful and approachable! assignments are tough but he walks you through it. get into his class .now', "very dedicated to students well-being. for an introductory class, you will get hammered if you've no prior experience. i've taken programming for 3 years prior and would be struggling without it. make sure you read the textbook and take notes on it. his lectures will help you to catch small details, but you need to know the concepts beforehand.", "great prof!!! you gotta know what you're doing though; ask questions if you don't understand something. he is extremely helpful and approachable.", 'i went in with no programming experience and found the course just fine. textbook was extremely helpful but not completely necessary. you could just go off his lecture slides and do just fine with his great explanations. really cares about first year students and responds to any problem you have quickly if you email him.', "really excellent teaching. cares about student's well being and puts real effort into encouraging students to do well.", "great prof, informational/detailed lectures, but you definitely have to pay attention and know what you're doing, the tests not impossible but definitely challenging.", "helpful on assignments. start assignments when they are released if you're unfamiliar with programming & go to the labs. you will be best off attending lectures as the slides posted are not easy to follow without his explanations. he is fair & will look into it if you have a problem with how something was marked. tests are long so know your stuff.", 'great prof - very friendly and very helpful.', 'great prof; would recommend him over kondrak. approachable man, encourages you to ask questions in and out of class. exams are fair and are very straightforward, most, if not all his questions are straight from his notes or the textbook. lectures may become dry and boring, but try to attend his lectures!']
['the homework was really easy to finish but hard to achieve the first place. sometimes the first place of an assignment is awarded, so probably you wish to work hard to win the prize. but if you just want an easy a you can skip many classes just like me. and it takes not too long to get bonus points so i consider the prof really merciful.', 'great guy and fun lectures', "he's great! assignments are a little tough, but when you are done you realize they were very fair. very fun lecturer and will slow down to the pace of the class and wants everyone to understand! great professor and great class, would take him again!", 'assignments could be time consuming and a pain in the brain, but at least there are only four assignments', 'one of the best professors at mcgill. very understanding.', "learnt a lot about graphics and practiced a lot. prof. always answers questions on discussion board which is very nice and helpful super smart and good at his field. awesome sample code. not easy to understand his lecture(maybe cuz i'm not a native speaker?) but the course is definitely worth taking. you will really learn something.", "prof. kry is great! really nice, works hard to make sure you understand the material. assignments were fair, and shorter than many others i've done in cs at mcgill. definitely agree with the guy who said he's the bob ross of cs.", "very entertaining prof, does lots of examples in class, brings interesting facts and stories in class (that were usually related to the material). very helpful when answering questions. knows the material very well. definitely the most epic last lecture i've seen in four years at mcgill.", 'probably the best/clearest comp sci prof i have taken here at mcgill. paul kry does a great job at demystifying computers. he is a great lecturer and explained everything in a fun and simple way. the assignments are pretty heavy though, really not the type of assignments you can do last minute. i would definitely take another class with him again!', 'very inspirational prof and amazing lecture content (recommended for all mathematically oriented computer scientists but not only). paul was very helpful throughout the course, with assignments but also with extra-curricular issues', 'boring class. just used the textbook', 'not so difficult, just normal. the assignment are interesting, and the difficult is suitable. if having course recording would be better. by the way, the professor is very patient to answer the questions.', 'the easiest course of my semester--just keep up with slides, going to the tb if you have to, and show up to the exam. assignments were really well-written; they were challenging but fun! would definitely want to take an upper-year course with him. amazing lecturer/public speaker and actually keeps you engaged during class. all around cool guy!', 'a great experience all around. readily available to answer questions and course material presented clearly with strong reinforcement from relevant assignments. tests and assignments presented fairly and graded in a timely fashion.', 'is he an amazing professor? meh maybe. is he a good professor? absolutely. he is mentally present when lecturing and not going through the motions of reading slides. he believes you learn by doing and i have to agree with him. i learnt the most by writing assembly code on my own. i would suggest taking him if you have a passion for the subject.', 'very fun prof who knows his stuff and teaches well. would recommend 100%. might be hard for non comp sci majors?', "don't expect the class to be easy - comp273 is complicated and if you don't do well it's not because of the professor; prof. kry makes you work pretty hard and creates all the conditions for you to succeed but you need to really understand all the important stuff the computers are built from.", 'long assignments but very fair grading scheme', "paul kry isn't the easiest prof at mcgill, but if you're going into computer science you should probably have expected that. he really cares about his students, and he's pretty funny in lectures, enough to keep the class involved. paul offers the kind of insight you can't just find on stack overflow, take his class and you'll be happy for it.", "course material was boring but that's not his fault", "i don't know what the fuss was with the other reviews. my friends and i found this course kind of dense, but the prof was super clear and the exam was pretty alright too.", 'prof kry is great guy! i am not a fan of the course content, however paul still makes his lectures interesting. 5.0 quality no doubt!.', "4 assignments can be hard, but it's only a matter of time. truly brilliant professor, although he proceeds quite fast in class that a lot of us might not catch up. it's still easy to read his well prepared ppt to get to know everything u might need in exams. exams are not challenging as long as you behave actively in class.", 'very engaging lecturer. he clearly cares a lot about the subject and it shows. its also fairly obvious that he has a graphics background as he managed to focus some of the assignments on it. the assignments were time consuming but fair and were usually solved for you in the textbook. highly recommend.', "paul is really a great guy. his classes are really fun. he's always enthusiastic about teaching, very responsive in mycourses and really cares about his students and he makes sure that the students understand the material and helps them in their assignments he usually gives 4 assignments which are time-consuming but fun and easy to overcome.", 'nice professor. he is funny. assignments are hard but they are really helpful for us to understand the course content.', 'prof kry is always genuinely passionate in class. this semester a lot of people decided to skip so they might not have done as well since he does great examples on the board. in general the course material does take time to understand, but the assignments were fair and interesting and the final was similarly very fair. he also is very helpful. 5/5!', "no other prof i'd take this course with.", 'the structure of the course is very well organized. he comes well prepared and you can tell how much work he puts into his slides. if you want to take a course that teaches you plenty, and is lead by someone with a good sense structure take paul kry. he did a great job at teaching the course. assignments are hard, but you will learn a lot.', 'good teacher. he really knows his stuff and is young and energetic. be sure to ask questions when things are unclear he has a bad habit of not finishing his sentences.', 'very nice professor.', "i still don't understand cache at all or anything that was covered in lectures after that yet i still got an a. i might have no deserved it but i think it's awesome generosity! 5 stars just for that", "his explanations are very clear. before taking his class, i thought the way a computer was built was the most boring subject i'll have to learn about in my program, but now it actually became what i love the most and look forward to learning about in the next years. truly an awesome professor, would take again :) (assignments are kind of hard tho)", 'great prof, very funny, captivating lectures', "i thought prof. kry did a good job. he really knows the material and the assignments work well to integrate the course material with what he's passionate about. exams and assignments are marked quite fairly. he does a good job engaging the class during lectures when the material could be a bit dry.", 'brilliant professor that help so much in office hour.', 'has a good sense of humor, goes over the material step by step at a steady pace. lectures are not recorded and age in the afternoon but the slides and suggested readings of textbook are posted on mycourses.', "kry's a good professor. i enjoyed going to class at first because of his charisma and enthusiasm toward the material. however, as the semester went on i found his lectures to be increasingly unstructured; reading the textbook was better for learning. assignments were hard but doable, really helped me understand assembly language &amp; logic more deeply", "i took this class and literally don't understand the amount of shade he's getting. i never went to class cuz the lectures were recorded, and using just those i was able to get an a- overall. he uses a different approach in lectures, trying to engage the class by interactively working through questions, some use it as an excuse to say he's confusing", 'awesome.', "he made the class very enjoyable and interesting. assignments, midterm and final were very fair content and time-wise. very accessible and always tries his best to answer questions. he really cares and made this class the best one i've had this semester. no other prof i'd rather take this class with!", 'best prof ever. def want to take a course with him again. &lt;3', "really good professor. his lecture makes sense and his slides are clear. he is a humour guy. 4 assignments are hard but interesting, and they are not very helpful to exam. but doing assignment is a good way to understand the circuit and mips. midterm is fair and average is about 82%. if you review all the slides, a won't be difficult.", 'great prof, its understandable that the course material is hard. def want to take a course with him in the future.', 'great teacher, but you need to read on your own to fully understand what he explains in class.', "truly cares about students' concerns and promptly answers questions on the discussion section of mycourses. lectures may be a bit confusing for those who haven't learned some jargon, but he goes through many examples in class. and also remember: &quot;what did we do last class?&quot;", 'one of my favorite professors yet! you can see that he is passionate about cs and he cares. really enjoyed 273 with him and hope to take one of his higher-level classes.', "he's kinda like if bob ross taught you comp sci. he has an afro too. this course if pretty hard and can get boring, but that's not his fault. he's not that good at explaining things but he's alright, and friendly enough to help.", 'one of the best, if not the best, prof in cs. lectures with genuine enthusiasm and enjoys making references to 80s sci-fi movies. clear slides, and he really seems to care about his students doing well. (assignments are challenging but reasonable)', 'awesome prof and interesting material in my opinion! he made class fun by sometimes playing short film clips or sounds from movies to introduce the next topic. when it came time to study for the final, it was genuinely fun to study since most of the topics were well explained and still clear in my head.', "this class with kry is my favourite comp sci course within the program. the assignments were interesting but not hard and he made them worth half the overall grade, so when it came to finals, there was literally no stress. i barely went to class, but i didn't need to cuz all the information i needed, i could extract from the slides.", 'he is really nice .. the assignments are kind of time-consuming but they are interesting', "the assignments are pretty great/interesting but take way too long in my opinion. i probably would have done better in this class if i went more often. also i would have went more if he did more example questions in class cause that's what i really needed tbh. overall, not that bad. he posts a lot on the discussion boards which is nice.", "people are harsh here because this is a hard class. you really have to work for your grade in this class, and that's not all about the prof, its cause it's not easy content. prof. kry is clear and very helpful if you ask, he always posts on the discussion boards and answers questions quickly. make sure you pay attention in class and you'll do fine.", 'fantastic lectures; concepts were explained pretty well. assignments were tough but at the same time interesting to do. midterm and final were fair; with proper amount of studying you will ace both of them.', 'nice fella.']
["very intimidating, but super nice... best prof so far.. and i'm graduating soon", "prakash is the best professor i've had at mcgill so far. he is an amazing lecturer and i actually liked going to his office hours. what i love about him is that he gives you both material that will really push you and make you work but also is very fair, though not easy, in terms of the material he tests.", "a great lecturer, passionate with what he's teaching. really funny.", "what a wonderful professor and wonderful course. he clearly tells you exactly what will be on the midtermfinal, emphasizes the most important info in class, and is a very fun prof. he tries his best to learn everyone's name too. i absolutely loved this class. avg midtermfinal grades were high as well.", "prakash is an amazing teacher. he really cares about his students, and he always makes himself available. he uses very precise language so there is no room for confusion. he is definitely hard though, don't expect an easy a.", "best prof i've had yet, hard but fair and makes class great", 'he really has the right way to teach. his presentation of the material is simply efficient. i could understand everything the first time. the assignments and exams implied more thinking than actual writing and were sometimes challenging, but always rewarding.', 'great professor. easy assignments and exams. required very little studying, but was still very interesting. would highly recommend.', "emphasizes concepts and thinking rather than memorization. some test questions are designed to be solved by one line of creative code rather than 20 minutes of hand-cramping writing. homework is the same way: once you get it, it's really quick (and satisfying) to type for a minute or two and then watch everything just work. great prof.", 'awesome little dude', "funny prof. good explanations and reasonable homeworks. ta's are harsh graders though, especially with programming assignments.", "great prof. super clear and explains everything really well. it's an awesome course. the assignments are great. i'd recommend not only this course but any course you can take with him.", "very easy class. don't skip class + understand a.", "very clear and efficient at teaching. it took me some time to fully understand recursion, but after i got it, it was really easy. it's just black magic! final class average should be at least b+", 'one of the best lecturers in the cs department, and a very smart prof (with a sense of humour!). he is also very helpful in his office hours and a fair grader. however, word of advice, show up to all his classes, sit in front, and pay attention. if you slack off and skip you will get on his bad side, and you do not want that.', "amazing prof. one of the best i've had so far. just make sure you come to every single class cuz he'll remember if u missed any.", "doesn't tolerate laziness. a+", 'only take this course with him. guaranteed a if you study regularly', 'one of the best profs at mcgill, and a really good person.', 'great prof. he is crystal clear and fun to talk to. he is easily reached during office hours and has a passion for the field he teaches.', 'keeps you on your toes', 'he is not decidable as well as coce during office hours.', 'i actually struggled with the material in this class before the final (midterm, quizzes, assignments), so i was quite worried about how i would do in the class. but the final ended up being an absolute joke as prakash had already more or less told us what would be on it and he had also prepared was really well. an absolute gem.', 'great guy.', 'loved this course. prakash does a great job giving the material life through his dedication to getting the information across. assignments were fair, took some work, but they were quite interesting and indicative of what to expect on tests. one thingtrusting my interest in the course, i barely studied for the final and lost a letter grade for it.', 'love him', "i'll take any class if prakash teaches it.", 'amazing inspirational dude. hilarious guy who loves music as well as getting his students to actually learn and understand instead of just dragging you through the material. any class with him is a pleasure to take.', 'great teacher and very helpful outside of class.', "great lectures, very clear and consist. however, go see the tas if you have a question unless you are absolutely stuck. if you ask him a question because you're confused get ready for a verbal thrashing.", "prakash is always clear and precise, and gives excelent lectures. if he likes you, he will find a way to help you and give you a good grade. if he doesn't like you, he will find a way to give you a bad grade. get on his good side!", "legit wizard. people find comp 302 hard because it's quite foreign but prakash is a wizard at teaching this stuff. going to his class was an actual treat, i'll take any class that he's teaching. about half the class was done the final within an hour.", 'prakash is the best. he is very clear in lecture. he is very humours. he provides fantastic notes on his website which is very useful. assignments are not hard and they are very fun! midterm is fair and the average is around 75, which is rare in 3-level comp courses. i would definitely wish to take any other comp courses with him again.', 'best prof ever', 'amazing prof, really cares about his students. posts very detailed notes online to make sure everybody understands. lectures are entertaining and funny. assignments are very interesting. exams are fair and the exam material is explicitly laid out beforehand. he puts emphasis on the exactness of communications to avoid any ambiguity.', 'really passionate about the subject, makes you look forward to class. reasonable assignments and fair midterm and final.', 'i can totally get why some of the comments say he expects much from you cause he does make you regret ever asking a question cause he responds almost as if trying to make you feel stupid infront of the whole class however he is such a good professor in terms of lecturer and being clear and making things really really interesting.', "best cs prof i've had at mcgill. lectures are extremely clear and concise, and prakash really cares about his students doing well. he has stayed well past his office hours to help students in the past.", 'prakash is great, he explains concepts clearly in an easy to understand way. the additional notes on his website are well written and very helpful. the expectations for assignments and exams are precisely given which makes them easy to do if you put some work into understanding the concepts. all classes i took with him were amazing experiences', 'hottest prof i ever had. i dream about him every night!', "good teacher. very helpfull outside class. but he has a special temper... he is very frank (especially if you are not that serious) - which is good sometimes - but unfortunately sometimes gets his own conclusions too quickly. but i don't blame him, he is kind.", 'awesome', "he's the best lecturer i've ever had, but he plays favorites and generally expects a lot out of his students. his emotional side is great when it comes out in the form of enthusiasm or passion for the subject in class, but unless you're a favorite you won't feel very welcome nor helped if you approach him (how dare you) outside of class.", "i really didn't know what's going and still got a-, that's some great generosity", 'prakash is legendary. super clear explanations, fun lectures, the best office hours of all time. the material is tough, but he will give you all the tools you need to get an a.', 'best prof in mcgill', 'very good prof. hard but fair. funny too!', 'he seems intimidating when you first meet him, but he really knows his stuff and is extremely invested in his students. put in the effort to know him and work hard and you will not be sorry!', "he's very clear and precise and a great prof."]
["langer is a credit to mcgill. he's smart, motivated, and actually tries to communicate some understanding to students.", "best professor that i've ever met at mcgill. fantastics lecture slides and interesting lectures. he could even made the assignments fun to us. he is very generous on curving, although this course is an easy a for me.", "a great professor whose lectures as the most efficient and economical ones i've ever listened to. if you're confused, he provides a number of really good resources to help. there's no reason you shouldn't get something in his class as long as you're willing to try.", 'top end teacher.', 'prof. langer is admittedly not a java programmer, but he certainly tries and he knows his stuff in that regard well enough to teach a class on it. the class is also more about theoretical computer science, which he is extremely well-versed in. very friendly and helpful if you go and talk to him. his homeworks are straightforward. good prof.', 'great prof. knows his material, is a great teacher and is very active on discussion boards and resolves issues quickly.', "this year had about 600 students enrolled in comp 250 which is much more than usual. it would take ages for the ta's to grade all the work manually and the multiple choice exam is mathematically fair when you consider probability of picking right answer by luck. langer's and his ta's are overwhelmed by the huge quantity of students.", 'langer is a solid prof. provides decent slides and the workload is not too overwhelming. the final exam was challenging but fair.', 'langer should be teaching a more programming course, rather than this one. sometimes, he seemed really rude on the discussion board. the course overall was super easy. just be updated on what the class is taking and make sure you understand it. exams were straight from the notes, so you could easily ace them. tas were ridiculous in marking the hws.', 'leads students to think during class and presents the abundant material interestingly.', 'langer is an amazing prof and genuily cares for his students. he posts incredibly detailed lecture notes and slides and presents the material in a really approachable way. lots of the bad grades people recieved here were from ignoring key instuctions on the assignments. if you follow the instructions clearly you will do well!', "very clear. very good printed class notes -&gt; so good you need not worry if you miss class. one of mcgill's finest.", 'a truly excellent teacher. his lectures have something for everybody to think about and learn from.', "amazing. he really wants you to understand what's going on; and will take all the time it takes before moving on. no textbook: he writes his own lecture notes, which are extremely concise and clear. no need to even take note in class; just sit back and enjoy learning!!!", "honestly my favorite comp prof so far (to be fair i've only had 6 total). very clear and fair, clearly cares about his students. very honest and responsive to mycourses discussions. i found him funny, he seems to have a bit of a dry wit about him. great course, great guy, fair grader, and willing to listen and help. lectures were a bit long.", "one of the best teachers i've ever had. very knowledgeable, enthusiastic and designs challenging assignments for graphics/vision courses, that will build you up as a researcher. also he is a terrific thesis supervisor. you will learn a lot from him! he also has a great signal processing background.", 'lectures and notes are organized. it is evident that professor langer puts effort into teaching, helping students, and answer questions. his teaching is crystal clear which is great. quizzes and assignments are fair and there are even office hours dedicated for assignments. sometimes he also shows humor which is cool.', 'great slides and a very fair final exam. no midterm, only bi-weekly online quizzes and 4 assignments throughout the semester. only thing is he can be a bit condescending when people ask questions...', 'he gets annoyed when people ask questions but posts all his lectures online with notes. i had trouble with the final from his notes so make sure you pay attention and keep up all semester', "a great professor, his lectures can be slow at times but they are concise and very clear, plus his notes and exercises are a godsend that really help you understand the material. assignments were fair but grading was very strict. midterms were easy and final was somewhat tricky, overall if you do all the assignments and study properly you're set.", 'good prof overall, takes perhaps a bit too much time over simple examples', 'his lecture notes are very insightful and well structured', "one of the best professors at mcgill. don't miss him!", 'absolutely love this class. i went to every lecture and this is what got me my good grade. very clear presentations and explanations. gives extra exercises to practice outside of class.', 'really incredible prof, langer really cares for his students and it shows in the amount of effort he puts in to his slides/notes and exercises. he wants people to learn the material and is pretty funny. really fair assignments, really fair quizzes. overall recommend.', "amazing lecturer, understands students and really tries to explain the concepts and their subtle details clearly. assignments and midterm were decent but the final was devastating. the course covers a ton of material and the final goes quite deep into a bunch of different topics. don't take this if you're looking for an easy grad lvl course.", 'langer is an amazing prof and a great guy. i highly recommend taking his algorithm courses. he really knows how to explain things at the right pace. his notes are great and he offers lots of resources which is greatly appreciated. he posts exercises for every section and is very present on the message boards.', "great professor! if you go to him for a doubt, he'll go out of his way to help you. lectures and the course are really interesting. the class really jumps in the last month. it gets pretty hard towards the end.", 'really interesting presentation of the material. clear and simple.', 'very organized and clear teaching style. relevant excercises are posted. occasionally professor langer wil do something funny which is great. he promotes students to ask questions to clarify concepts and is also helpful at office hours.', 'just amazing! assignments are easy and midterms are easy and this is the easiest comp class ever taken', 'fantastic teacher. clear, well paced, and considerate. listen to him and you will succeed.', 'his notes and lectures are useful and interesting. by themselves however, they are useless.', "one of the best profs i had at mcgill! he's an amazing lecturer and his notes are very clear. he answered every question on the discussion board (even on the days of the exams) and uploads lecture recordings. gave us an easy midterm but the final was pretty hard. exams are within the scope of the course but you need to understand the concepts well.", "one of the best profs i've taken at mcgill. lectures are recorded so not many people show up, but don't let that fool you into thinking he's not good. he posts notes to go along with each lecture which really helps clarify key points. gives practice exercises which definitely helped prep me for tests. super organized, and really cares. great prof.", 'one of the best! clearly structured lectures with amazing notes. prepares us well by giving exercises that are similar to the questions on exams, so take the time to do them all. everything we need to succeed is accessible online on the course page. assignments take some time to figure out, but are very reasonable. overall an amazing professor.', "two years later still one of the best profs in computer science i've ever had. if you have the chance to take his class, do it!", 'a lot of work needed for assignments. but the prof is really nice, and he posts plenty of materials, notes and exercises.', "instead of introducing an algorithm and the problem it solves in plain english, michael dives into math notation. his background in math really shows. so sometimes it's better to learn from the internet than michael's lectures. his midterms were easy-medium, but his final was brutal. a lot of people were swearing about it afterwards, pretty funny.", "langer was one of the best profs i ever encountered. he's extremely helpful and the assignments made the point clearer. the quizzes were pretty straight forward, if you knew what you're doing. final was easy as well and similar to quizzes and exercises. he tries to remember everyone's name, which makes him more friendly. extremely recommended!", 'absolutely great teacher, very friendly and helpful.', 'most approacheable teacher in socs. notes for the class are very clear and presented in an easy to read manner.', 'great computer science teacher. his lectures are very interesting and he seems genuinely interested in the topics he teaches. if you put in some effort you can easily get a good grade', 'prof langer is amazing! the lectures are very organized and easy to follow. he keeps incredibly detailed lecture notes and presentations on his website and his assignments are very fair as long as you follow the instructions carefully. he will even sometimes let you to resubmit assignments for a higher grade if you messed up the first time.', "professor langer is one of the best professors i've had at mcgill. his lectures and notes are concise and extremely clear. some aspects of the assignments were slightly difficult and the final exam was tricky, but very fair. overall, langer is an awesome prof.", 'langer is the man. posts all his notes and answers all your questions. rocks the v neck and white tee all day every day.', 'crystal clear teaching and occasionally good sense of humor', 'very organized, accessible and caring. clear expectations, optimal challenges, timely and informative feedback.', 'this man clearly puts a lot of time into teaching and it really shows. very clear and easy to understand lectures, and plenty of resources and exercises with solutions. one of the top professors at mcgill.', 'amazing professor, clear and simple slides. exercises prepare you very well for the midterms(2) which are fairly easy. assignments can be a bit hard towards the end if you are not really experienced with java but they are definitely doable. final was a bit hard but totally fair. would take again!', 'michael langer is by far the best prof i have ever had in mcgill. he really cares his students and would do everything to make his course fair for all. he is a good lecturer and explains things very clear. he is also very approachable outside of class. he has his own course webpage that has detailed for every single lecture. he is the man.', "great lecturer, really knows the course material, fair exams and fair assignments. like all comp courses, the assignments can take a while, so don't expect to simply cruise through them. he also provides extra notes and exercises on his website. srsly, i'm down to take any class this man teaches!"]
["godlike. straightforward and fairly graded assignments. exams are a bit tricky if you're not used to taking multiple choice tests but quite fair.", "dan knows his stuff about comp and his lectures are quite clear and helpful. going to class helped me but lectures are recorded and slides posted. assignments are long and hard if you haven't done any comp sci before, and exams were challenging but fair.", 'dan is amazing! love him so much!', 'best. teacher. ever. all the other reviews say it all. i mean seriously guys, can you get any more awesome than dan???', 'fun, easy to listen to, and much clearer than other comp professors.', 'one of the best profs i have ever had, made this course very enjoyable. his exam was a little long, but not overly difficult, and he was willing to curve if needed (ended up curving by 5%). i would recommend him to anyone in a heartbeat, definitely considering a comp minor because of him!', "dan is the best. if you don't know anything about programming he will make it easy for you to understand. assignments can be tricky but just go to his office hours as well as the tas. exams are also tricky so make sure you know your stuff. it was a great class", 'a good professors for beginners.', "he is the best at mcgill! you wouldn't regret taking his class.", "great prof. what more needs to be said. study hard for the final, you'll love his course", 'fantastic teacher, helpful and approachable.', "easily the best prof i've had at mcgill so far. extremely clear, very funny (in his own way...), excellent lecture notes. assignments are long (not necessarily difficult, just long), but if you put the time in, you'll learn the material really well. he teaches so well that you basically don't need to study. highly recommended.", 'best prof ever.', "without doubt, the best professor i've ever learned from.", 'dan is an awesome prof. he explains concepts very clearly and helps simplify some of the trickier concepts.', "dan is straight up the best professor i've ever had at mcgill. this guy will go on mycourses and answer every question personally, take questions b4/after class, and do anything he can to help you. this class was interesting, engaging, and enjoyable. his tests were very fair and you are allowed a cheat sheet. hilarious dude, make sure you get him.", "one of the best professor i ever had. he is truly passionate about cs and teaching. he is funny, clear and accessible. it is not a hard course but there is a lot of work (you will spend nights debugging assignments). the exam weren't too hard but extremely long (particularly the final), so he graded rather leniently. i definitely recommend him!", "great teacher, interesting and humorous lectures. knows when it's time to speed up the class, when to slow down to review, and when to tell a joke or not.", 'dan is a fantastic lecturer. his powerpoints and lectures are clear, to the point, and funny. prepares you well, *always* answers every question on the discussion boards and communicates with us well. if you take comp202, take it with dan!', 'very good teacher. very very helpful, cares about his students and is passionate about teaching. he is very young obviously and has stuff to learn, especially when it comes to not answering dumb questions and wasting class time and also probably getting some better analogies or not using them at all because they are confusing.', "one of the best teachers i've had so far at mcgill. he really goes above and beyond to help his students understand and do well in the course.", 'solid prof, explains things really clearly especially in a beginners class! has loads of bad jokes, but really tries to engage his class and help everyone out.', "dan's the best!", 'a chill guy, young and dorky :) knows his compsci though', "great professor. always ready to help. and easy to understand one of the best profs i've ever seen at mcgill.", 'amazing, enthusiastic professor but you need to work hard if you want to get a good grade in this course, the exercises can get challenging. if you slack off and never practice, you can never become good at programming. it takes time and effort to do well.', "i love dan! he's awesome. i would highly suggest taking his class. make sure to start the assignments early and see the tas they rock!", "great teacher, intro to programming is a very hard subject to get into peoples heads but he puts alot of time into making sure anyone with questions is answered.. one of the best profs i've have.", "engaging and dedicated prof. material can be challenging for some (like myself) who aren't as strong mathematically..but the crib sheet helps tons. great course overall, awesome prof, take 202 with pomerantz and you won't regret it.", 'amazing is an understatement!', 'amazing teacher! by far one the best ive had at mcgil', 'loved the lecture content. prof is funny, accessible and lectures are very easy to follow and understand.', 'dan is funny and helpful. avoid any other profs and just take any of his class!!', 'great prof', 'beauty', 'pomerantz has an extraordinary appreciation for students trying to learn computer science material and as such genuinely tries to help them the best he can. his personality is well suited to teaching.', 'dan is a very good prof. he is very clear and gives good analogies to aid in understanding. level of responses on discussion board is outstanding. he is the most helpful prof i have ever met. exams and assignments are long but fair.', "i love dan! by far the best prof i've had in 2.5 years at mcgill. so good at explaining concepts that are hard to get used to at first, fair marking scheme, really cares about his students, great lecture slides so you don't even need to go to class but you will anyway just to listen to dan talk &lt;3 take this class as an elective! useful + fun!", "dan pomerantz is an awesome prof, he really got me interested in computer science. the course is usually a midterm and final, with 40% assignments, which aren't really that hard. the lectures are really fun and help you understand a basic level of how computers work and there roles in security, websites, search engines, etc.", "dan is great to listen to and he's very nerdy-hot. he's willing to help students and his lectures aren't boring, the jokes peppered in there are entertaining. however, i feel like as someone who didn't know anything about programming beforehand there was still quite a bit of ambiguity. great prof, not the easy course some say it is.", "absolutely the best professor i've learned from in mcgill. he knows how to explain the class contents so that it's easy for first time learners to understand. if you're a prospective computer scientist, you do not want to miss dan's class.", 'dan is amazing.', 'clear, extremely helpful professor and responds rapidly and clearly to discussion boards', 'best lecturer at mcgill. took comp 202 as an electrical major and started doing software development thanks to him.', 'dan is perfect. take this class.', "tries his best to explain difficult topics, often with analogies. lectures are easy to understand and sufficient for exams. assignments are at times difficult but so far, he's been the most helpful professors at mcgill. his class was very fun to attend. i recommend him if you are taking comp 202."]
['she is the best.', 'available, helpful professor, giulia tries and succeeds to make her classes interactive and directly related to the final and midterm.', 'giulia alberini, while in her first semester as a professor, has proven herself to be extremely competent in her teaching ability and lecturing. she is always very willing to answer questions with as much detail as needed and will go above and beyond to ensure that you understand the material. she is very supportive and an all around great person!', 'amazing instructor! she will teach you how to code in java step by step in class. everything shown in class would be a part of assignment which is helpful. final and midterm mc are a little bit hard. overall, giulia is an amazing instructor! choose her!', 'favorite prof! so energetic and engaging!', 'giulia always tries to explain some abstract concepts over and over again, using different examples to help us understand.', 'amazing prof, helpful inside and outside of class', 'i love this prof so much!! i honestly was not a fan of comp sci but she is such a sweet and energetic prof! she always answered questions really well and really cares about her students, go to office hours!!!', 'she explains everything very well, and she is willing to make the class slower if she finds out students are falling behind. the assignments and exams are not easy, but there are old exams for practicing. do not do the assignment at last minute, i suggest do it a week earlier before the due day. she is super nice and approachable.', 'love her! clearly knows what she is doing and wants to see students succeed!', "she's tbh great", 'really great teacher. explains course material well.', "best prof i've ever had. the class isn't hard but for many, programming can be tricky; she made everything crystal clear and her lectures were so entertaining. would take this class again just to have her!", 'she is by far one of the best profs in mcgill, very organized and accessible outside of class, do the assignments by your own, they play a crucial role in this course', 'she baked us desserts for our last class!!! she is the cutest person ever! loves teaching and loves helping her students succeed.', "excellent prof. after she finishes her slides for the lecture, she'll practice what she just taught you with the entire class in java. she also is super helpful and understanding when you have a question or concern. would highly recommend to anyone who wants to learn how to code, even if you had never done so before taking one of her classes.", "so happy i had her for comp202. i had zero coding knowledge prior to this class, and her method of doing in-class coding really helped me. she explains very well and her slides are really helpful. i don't go to office hours but i emailed her several times for the assignments, and her replies were sufficient to answer my questions.", 'amazing!!!', 'giulia is very good at explaining computer science topics in a simple and accessible way. she is a good lecturer, and accessible for questions after her lectures. the lectures in this class were recorded and 100% attendance is not necessary, especially if you already have some programming experience.', 'great prof! very detailed slides and instructions. very manageable exams and assignments for beginners in programming. would definitely take again!', 'sweetest and most caring teacher ever! highly recommend her.', 'giulia is a wonderful prof. the notes she provided were clear and she was always accessible. the assignments were quite lengthy and the exams were fairly difficult, but overall, it was definitely a worthwhile experience.', "lovely, lovely, lovely person! she has the ability to make you smile even during the midterm (if you happen to come across her questions). if you aren't in her class, you are certainly missing out because she's a beauty who makes you laugh more than you should in class. she prepares you well for the midterm and truly cares about your success.", 'great teacher, keeps the class engaged and interested. moves at the right pace. i am never confused about what we need to know for the test. her assignments are clear and she gives tons of examples in class. highly recommend her class', 'her lovely italian accent makes you want to spend the entire day listening to her lectures! very captivating and concise, she knows how to convey the material efficiently while successfully engaging 300 people. her lectures are a nice balance of the material and class exercises. the lecture notes are thorough and sufficient for reference.', 'she is definitely one of the most amazing profs i had for this year. so caring and such an amazing teacher who explains everything extremely well. she gave enough materials for you to study and prepare for the exam. she is a wonderful prof!!!', 'amazing.', "kindest professor ! one of the best i've had at mcgill, especially great for first year course. incredibly caring and understanding, she gives thorough lectures and tests are fair!!", 'amazing class and amazing lectures. she clearly shows that she cares for her students which is very nice. she manages to teach everything in a simple way that makes everyone understand. simply, the best prof there is.', 'nothing to say', "the course load is not very heavy, but you need a lot of practice for sure. she is very funny and cute, also kind! she helps everyone with full patience and energy. i really like her. and to be honest, i don't know if cs is really the right thing for me, but she made me keep taking cs classes this year. cross finger for myself!", 'the best of the best but the final was kind of not as easy as the previous years idk why; however, still my fav prof', 'giulia is an excellent professor. she explains the material clearly and efficiently and works at a pace suitable for the class. assignments are very doable if you attend lectures and stay on top of the material. she makes the material interesting and engaging!', 'great professor! always ready to answer questions and explain in details. she is available for any students, ready to help you. her slides ar clear and accessible. would recommend to anyone!', "she's awesome! i've never heard of anyone saying anything negative about her.", 'excellent time spent taking her class! besides being caring professor, giulia is also a natural comedian.', 'i loved this class the prof is really amazing, she explains really well and most of the class is working on programs which helps us understand. make sure to do the assignments well because they count for a lot! exam was fairly difficult.', "such an amazing professor. knows what concepts might be difficult and what questions might arise and modifies her explanations accordingly. posts solutions to everything, and is just generally super clear. giulia, hope you read this b/c it's my 4th year and i never bother to rate profs but i came here specifically to say how great you are!!", 'giulia is such a sweet professor. her lectures are very well-organized and all the recordings are online along with most of the codes we use during lectures (practice codes). giulia also answers quickly to most of the questions about assignments and exams on the discussions (mycourses) which is very helpful. i definitely recommend this professor.', 'giulia rocks. her accent is everything. she is awesome and i would love to take her class again.', "prof alberini is amazing! she knows how to teach and engage hundreds of students who know nothing about cs. the assignments take up a lot of time, but they're rewarding in the end. i took her class in fall 2017... the midterm was hard, but the final was much better. just make sure you practice, practice, practice if you have no coding experience!", 'clear teacher. so respectfulc humble, funny, and a beautiful person inside out. also, theres something exceptionally lovely about her body language.', "professor alberini is one of the best professors i've had at mcgill. this is even more impressive given the fact i took her during her first semester teaching. one of the most caring people i have ever met. an extremely enjoyable class, with (dare i say it) enjoyable assignments that prove how much one actually learns from giulia.", "ok firstly, we wrote the final on the 20th at 9am and the grades were up less than 24 hours. super fun class! heads up though, the class is pretty tough. the assignments are very long and the short answer questions on the exam are extremely difficult. she's super funny and accessible outside of class. her typos are hilarious. we love giulia", 'amazing prof! barely went to class, but the lecture recordings were enough to understand the material (the recordings also did not put me to sleep :d !). super clear and does a bunch of examples. assignments take time, but then you barely have to study for the final imo. overall, great teacher and great class!', 'giulia alberini is a prof who really cares about the success of her students, and is quick to respond to questions (in great detail). her knowledge about her subject is apparent, and she does a great job articulating herself to first-time computer science students.', "i love giulia!!! this class does require a good amount of work and the assignments do take some time, but it's definitely worth it and fun too. warning-- the short answer questions on the exams are very very hard, but usually the long answer balances it out. i got a b+ but could've very easily gotten an a if i had put in work for the midterm."]
["he's a good teacher, explains concepts clearly and logically, and he is always very helpful in class and during his office hours. only part of this class i didn't like was that the assignments were very time-consuming and some were quite difficult in nature.", 'great lecturer who made introductory compsci super interesting and easy to understand. assignments were fun and really helped gain familiarity with the material. prof. blanchette was accessible outside class for clarifications and help. would recommend taking this course with him if you can.', 'great prof, fun course. all the slides are online, easy to follow.', 'mathieu blanchette is the best comp professor at mcgill! he makes everything seem easy (although the asisgnments are kind of hard!) and every single lecture is interesting. he always makes time for his students and really cares that we do well. overall, an extremely enjoyable class.', "he is really clear and good at explaining things! a really good comp prof, and everything is recorded. he does things methodically, so it's very easy to follow his line of reasoning and the concepts he tries to get across.", "long assignments but he's a good teacher.", "he's fine. assignments are pretty hard. tas take forever to mark. he's often disorganized (ie. we got our assignments a week after he said he would give it to us). in general, it's pretty good.", "mathieu rocks. he geniunely cares about his students and always makes time, answers emails and webct posts. he even had us evaluate him (unofficially) mid-course so we could benefit from the feedback he'd only otherwise have been able to take into consideration with less than a week or so left.", 'great guy! very helpful and flexible. really really nice.', "mathieu is a great professor, buti can't say the same for comp561. it's kind of disorganized, not very much &quot;computational&quot; orientated, except for some simple dp algorithms and hmm models. i would say comp561 is below the expectation of a grad level course, and jerome's comp598 is better suited. maybe they should consider joining comp561 and 598.", 'very charismatic and a great lecturer. gives topical and easy-to-digest explanations. great cs/bio professor. one issue i had is that many assignments had ambiguities in the questions, so be careful and make sure to confirm with the tas first.', 'this class was saved by mathieu. i heard bad things about this course from students who took it with someone else, but mathieu made it a pretty good class. he gives out printed notes before each class!', 'excellent teacher. he has the skills to explain things clearly. he is always willing to answer questions. he prepares all his notes as downloadable slides. i wish more teachers were like him!', 'great teacher, funny , cares about his students and replies to discussions and emails very fast', 'one of the best professors i have ever had in mcgill!!', 'friendly, approachable and knowledgeable chap.', 'not very helpful.', 'excellent professor, seems to be overly interested in bioinformatics though, would have liked to have seen some ai applications of the material. great overall.', "fantastic professor. everybody really liked him because he gave us his lecture slides at the beginning of each class. extremely structured and organized course, made it really easy to understand and do well. best professor i've ever had !", "this prof is a very good comp-sci prof. comp 250 is really not too bad... there's relatively few things to remember, tests are open-book. the trick in this class is to practice, because you won't have time during tests... go to class when blanchette teaches, it will make things easier for assignments.", 'best university professor so far! nice, funny, helpful, clear.', 'the professor is extremely helpful. he is easy to understand and genuinely cares about his students. his assignments can be fairly long and difficult but he often reuses material from the past. the midterms were difficult due to time constraints but the final was very fair. all tests are open-note, which is nice.', 'everyone likes this guy whether you do well in the class or not... he just makes coming to class so enjoyable.', 'amazing professor. loved the way he taught the course.', "out of the three profs we had for this class, he was definitely the best. was helpful after class and during his office hours and his final was very fair. practice lots and know your data structures and you'll be fine in this class!", 'great prof, good organized lectures, one bad thing is that assignments take a while to be marked.', 'one of the best profs in cs. also a great person!', 'by far the most helpful, caring prof. resonds to emails within an hour, and is genuinely concerned with his students learning. rock on mon ami', 'he is always there to help, reply quickly for emails and webct, give handouts all the time and give the feeling to go to his class.', 'great teacher, seems to enjoy his work. (give out good notes each class)', 'mathieu is always make things interesting, and very nice to students.the best prof in mcgill, also a nice friend.his courses sooooooo logically useful!', 'nicest guy ever. looking forward to more classes with him. oh, and totally hot. :-p', "comp 250 with him was pretty easy, he explains most things well. he sometimes makes spelling/grammar mistakes in his assignments that makes things not so clear, but overall there's nothing particularly bad about this course.", 'nice prof , awesome course', 'great prof. hard but not unfair, and made the material interesting and funny', "if you're taking comp 250, i would highly recommend this professor. he is very helpful and understanding. it might be worth noting that he is always ready to help during office hours if needed. also, teaches what is required for assignments beforehand and re-uses a lot of the old assignments which is obviously awesome if you're a student =p.", 'enjoyable teacher. seemed intersted in what he taught, even though it was trivial. very fun class.', "he isn't very clear with the material he covers. i've seen other professors who explain the exact same material in a much more clear manner. i'm not sure how his (or tas') marking scheme goes, but the assignments and exams are pretty hard to do well on.", "great prof. he makes the material very clear and his notes are top-notch. he's always available to help and responds often to questions on webct.", 'makes the material seem so simple and accessible! made it worth it to go up the hill in the winter at 8:30 because when you get out of class you feel like you just got everything. the midterm was very fair as well. and a huge plus is that his classes are recorded!']
['cool prof, really easy to work with. very knowledgeable and insightful.', 'long and hard assignments, but they help understand the material.', 'she knew machine learning very well and explained with passion. love her so much.', 'very nice prof! keeps your attention and explains stuff pretty well. medium-hard assignments, but you learn a lot with her. however, does correction very slowly... wait like 1 month and half to get midterm grades...', 'one of the best courses i took at mcgill. she knows the material extremely well and is good at answering questions. very good and long assignments.', 'excellent professor.', 'very nice teacher. knows well the material but she needs to concetrate less on her research to give the standards. very helpful outside the class. she is one of the best teachers in the computer science department.', "great teacher! she really knows her stuff and communicates it effectively. she is a very busy person and so be prepared to have delays in your assignments (she'll usually drop one) and don't expect her slides. you must take notes. (although the slides will come out eventually)", "explains and answers questions very well. assignments are tricky though and sometimes you see the needed material 2 days before it's due.", 'one of the best profs. very indepth knowledge of material. answer questions precisely and concisely', 'this course was poorly organized. that is the bottom line. doina was very nice when you went to talk to her, but is quite boring in terms of lectures. they got quite monotonous. the project however, was really cool.', "best cs teacher i've ever encountered at mcgill (very passionate), also she is very nice as a person.", "doina is a messy and disorganized prof, but that doesn't take away from her clear lecturing capabilities and extreme enthusiasm. never took a single page of notes in this class but came out with more knowledge that i still remember today (1 year later)", 'very good prof and a very nice person too. her classes are a bit too easy though.', 'my favorite class at mcgill by far! doina is a very proficient lecturer; she expresses herself very clearly and comfortably. the pace of the course is sometimes a bit slow, but the assignments are great fun. she is the most approachable prof in the department and always willing to help, but it is apparent that she is very busy.', "great professor. she's strikingly brilliant yet extremely patient and helpful with those of us who are not quite at her level. her assignments are not for the faint-hearted, but they are always interesting and to the point. her exams are comparatively easy and very fair.", 'very productive lectures, with easily legible and audible recordings posted online. besides that, doina seems to be the least organized professor at mcgill. feedback (grades on assignments, etc.) does not come in any form until the weeks directly prior to the final, and the students are not kept updated on this process at all.', 'she is an excellent professor. she is extremely helpful outside class. always available in her office. surprisingly whenever i told her that i need to talk to her, she would come to my office. her homeworks are not easy, but are really useful and to the point. you might sometimes get lost during her lectures, but she is usually clear and helpful.', 'generally speaking, i recommend comp598 from joelle pineau. after taking 598, you will learn enough and can not really get a lot from 652. you can get an a with actually not that much effort. prof is helpful and friendly, but could delay the grading or assignments because she is busy.', "great instructor. very clear, very smart. recorded lectures were great. she's pretty disorganized. grading takes a long time. she probably needs more tas to help with grading. other than that, it was a cool class.", 'doina is very easy to listen to and she knows what she is talking about. she explains things well, but most importantly she is the nicest teacher, especially if you need help outside of class. her assignments are a little long, but the final was ok, and the project was cool! she also marks easily.', 'prof precup is quite obviously an extremely intelligent woman but she is way too disorganized. prepare to not get any of your assignment/midterm grades until the end of the semester. the assignments are extremely long and tough, the midterm was impossible for a 50 min exam. lectures are alright though.', 'incredible professor, the best one in cs, and a really cool person as well.', "indeed the best cs teacher at mcgill that i've seen. takes it easy on you and really tests you on what she teaches unlike other professors. and boy, does she teach well. perfect communicator. take this from a cs junior year student.", "she is the angel of mcgill cs. besides her being a great teacher, you won't come across a nicer person at mcgill computer science department. if she is teaching a course you have to take, take it with her - don't miss this chance.", "excellent professor, she's very accessible and eager to help. definitely wait until the fall to take her course; it's tough, but so worth it!", "great teacher. really disorganized, but if you take notes and listen in class you'll be set. only class i looked forward to attending."]
["always helpful, steady pace during the entire course. lets you know if something if really important. explains all the things on black-board instead of running through slides (unlike precup), which is really helpful and doesn't become a load during finals.", "the recent negative reviews are basically meaningless because they are by people who are just mad because he wanted to remove the lecture recordings. in terms of the actual quality of his lectures, teaching, and exams, he's quite good. hard assignments but easy/fair exams. probably the best prof to take this course with.", 'excellent teacher and a nice guy. looks like he has e.t. fingers when he points at his overheads.', "can't say more on prof. siddiqi. very gentle and lots of knowledge into vision. a true good professor, easy to contact out of class and always ready to provide advice. respect student's idea and situation. good grading for assignments , mid terms, and project. strongly recommend!", 'kaleem is a meticulous prof. he explained everything in detail except sometimes a bit disorganized. i gave 4 for difficulty because of the assignments, they really took us a huge amount of time. midterm and final are very manageable though.', "gives heads up for the whole course and keeps a reminder to what's covered n what's next n how we progress: u never feel lost in the scope of material, despite the details. assignments were so tough but examples in class help and i prefer chalkboard, tho recordings were there too . he cares- available, good attitude when asked. prepare to learn.", 'good teacher, although he whipped through the circuitry / boolean logic a little fast. overall though, very clear, and helpful if you have any questions. assignments were fair, as were the exams.', 'great notes on the web, no reason to go to class, tests are fair, easy hw', "great prof who is being judged unfairly by some who don't realize that in any cs class, a lot of the learning comes from looking stuff online and teaching some stuff to yourself. also, lecture recordings in this class were a lifesaver and allowed me to thoroughly understand topics i could not comprehend in class. high class avg and fair exams.", "kaleem is the perfect example of a caring professor. the material is tough at the end, the assignments are harsh. however, he is aware of it and takes the time to make sure we can succeed. he answers all questions, i can't believe the amount of time he could spend re-explaining things when we were confused. great prof overall, would recommend!", "when you sign up for a class, you're making a commitment. if you can't make that commitment, don't sign up for this class. lecture recordings are there to help, not to substitute. if you show up to class, you'll learn a lot of very interesting things. very knowledgeable. one of the four assignments i found to be a bit much, manage your time well.", 'the assignments for comp 273 were really really tough sometimes but he always listened to students and extended deadlines a couple times. really good prof. make sure you actually go to the lectures or watch the recordings. kaleem is a great lecturer but the slides just confuse you more.', 'i love this guy...hez my indian homie!!! mad teaching skillz....', 'nice guy, little disorganized', 'class well taught;exams were fair;excellent teacher;damn sexy ;)', 'kaleem is a good prof. when you stay focused you get a lot from the lectures. the assignments were very hard. the first two were okay but the last two escalated a bit much. but i will say, they forced me to become a better programmer and apply myself. my biggest advice would be just to have a good support system to get through this. its doable!!', 'kaleem is a supportive and genuine professor who cares about the success of his students. i had trouble with one of my assignment submissions, and although he had no obligation to alter my grade, he worked with me to come to a fair solution, instead of taking the easy route and giving me a zero. assignments are tough but all exams are fair.', 'one of the best, loves teaching! although he did not provide the answer key for the sample exam, barely any course profs do at mcgill. he went over concepts thoroughly and was open to questions in class which is vital for learning. altho the course can be tedious ks cares about his students. hard but doable. youll do great if you put in the work!', "i think that prof siddiqui is a great teacher and his assignments, though overwhelming at times, were really great ways to learn the material we're taught in class. as frustrating as coding in mips can be, i personally found it to be kind of fun and it definitely has made me a much better programmer. his exams are very fair and easy to do well on.", 'the experience of being taught via the use of blackboards while deriving mathematical aspects was very good and different from most professors these days.', 'siddiqi is a caring professor who teaches in a clear and organized way and always keeps in mind whether the students have understood the content better. admittedly, some of his assignments are tedious, but i am very thankful for that. (remember to start homework early :)) the mid-term and final are not hard if you review thoroughly.', 'good lecturer. reasonable grader, tells you what to expect on exams. puts emphasis on research project and will give you good advice and feedback. very approachable and extremely nice. i wish all professors were like him.', 'one of the best professors out there and a model for those of us who want a career in academia.', 'the homework is pretty intense but it forces you to learn the material well. you should start the homework early and also listen to the tips in class. prof was accessible by email and before/after class. if you work hard, you will learn a lot.', "although siddiqi doesn't seem like the most pleasant guy with the tantrum he had about lecture recordings and attendance, i felt that his teaching was solid (especially with the sped up lecture recordings), the assignments were challenging and fair (i learnt a lot from them), and the exams were definitely fair too. the midterm was a total joke.", "he's a thoughtful prof who really wants students to do well. gave helpful hints on assignments and his exams were similar to sample exams."]
['his exams are hard, but he does curve well, so remember that. he places an emphasis on problem solving which makes the class difficult, but this is also one of the few classes where i simultaneously felt both beat up and satisfied. as a 4th year, i think i could count with one hand the number of classes where i learned more than with hatami. 10/10', "hatami is honestly the best lecturer i've ever had. he's an amazing professor who teaches difficult subject matter; people say he's difficult but i would argue that the courses he teaches are difficult, and hatami does a very good job at making them easier.", 'very good clear lectures. assignments are on the hard side. midterm was easy and final was fair. would take again!', 'amazing prof!! had a great time taking this course with hatami!! this could have easily been bland and dull but he makes it interesting. his assignments are tough but greatly increase your problem solving skills and creativity. he also has a fun sense of humour, posts memes on the facebook group.', 'he seemed so passionate about the material(especially the mathematics), which made the lectures very interesting and motivating. also really helpful and kind, though my questions were most likely stupid. i hope to have another class with him :)', "you get what you put into this course, most students waltzed in expecting an easy a, didn't concern themselves with actually learning, and consequently paid the price. that being said, the content is beautiful and hatami is an inspiring professor who you may dread at times but will ultimately respect for making you a much better comp scientist.", "recommended! he is the djisktra's reincarnation . when taught the algorithms, you will be in a perfect world until you actually do an assignment or examination. you will learn that the mere application of the algorithms isn't o(1), there are extra layers to explore(just like a bfs). you can't take the shortest path if that rings a bell, man!", "overall, he was a great prof, i enjoyed his lectures and he even throws in the occasional joke! i'll agree with everyone the assignment grading is extremely harsh and the mid-term was pretty hard. the course was taught like it was honours so all in all a lot tougher than it needed to be.", "great professor, really funny. very useful assignments. hard content but a much more satisfying class than comp 250, because you actually learn things in 251. it was nice to be able to write in pseudocode. he curved the midterm 20%, definitely doable to get a- or a. great textbook also (didn't go to any classes lol). 10/10 would take again", "professor gives hard/fair assignments, and exams but will curve significantly if required. it's a hard course to begin with so it's not completely his fault. altogether he's available for helping students and participates on facebook almost as much as the students.", "this was the 3rd course i took with prof hatami. he teaches very mathematically (and that's why i keep taking courses w him), assignments are pretty hard but he is always there to help you. he answers the questions on discussion group. not limited to office hours and as i've heard from another prof: &quot;he is the future of computer science at mcgill&quot;", 'very hard assignments, midterm, and final. generous curve. amazing lectures that are very clear and easy to follow. active on facebook and is always available to answer questions.', 'tough class. good class. i regret not putting more into it. challenging but rewarding assignments that require you to have an understanding of the topics covered. to me, the point of this class more was to learn how to think. i look forward to taking more classes from him. stop complaining about this being too &quot;mathy&quot;. this is cs. get over it.', "as others have said, hamed teaches a very theoretical course that doesn't concentrate on implementation. however, i think his style is appropriate for this course. i actually found the midterm to be pretty fair, but most assignments and the final were very hard - he does not let you off easy. otherwise, enjoyed the course.", "approachable and helpful prof, and the lectures were very enjoyable. he's a tough grader, but there was a significant curve.", 'good prof, tough class', 'awesome prof. keeps class interactive and fun by asking interesting questions.', "great lecturer, class notes very clear but be prepare to work and learn, you won't just be memorizing algorithms but rather learning them, hatami will teach you how to think and become a better problem solver, great prof be prepared to spend time on assignments, definitely overall great experience", 'tough course, but again its cs. significant curve with midterm +20 and final also*1.2', 'great prof, very knowledgeable about the material covered and is always ready to help on assignments/general questions via facebook discussion group. definitely one of the more challenging courses i have taken at mcgill but his way of teaching really helps you grow as a problem solver and teaches you how to think.', 'tough assignments but he has good memes, worth it', 'harsh grader, but a good professor. the level of accessibility is amazing. you can contact him by email or on facebook. he explains materials very well in lecture, but assignments and tests are very hard. if you really value your grade, do not take a course with him. if you want to challenge yourself and be a problem solver, he is your type.', 'i had hatami for both comp 330 and comp 360. his paste is really good, you can actually understand the material. the textbook was of great help for 330, lots of relevant problems. attendance not required (could not attend any of these classes)', 'hamed is a really cool prof, but the course workload is pretty heavy. for each homework, really takes time to think about. and midterm is heartbreaking, but it reminds u to take the course seriously. (and prof give 20% curve up for midterm). and final is very fair. would like to take another course with him', 'highly mathematics and proof focused course, however a very interesting class.']
['was extremly interested in his class. although he did not lecture much, he taught us how to present and read papers.', "excellent professor! he knows his stuff - i've never seen a student outsmart him with a question. interesting and in-depth lectures. very fun assignments. cool that he covers pthreads and java threads in this class.", 'clark is a great prof, he knows his material very well his lecture are structured. the assignments are challenging and long but they are super interesting and once you have finished them you really feel like you have accomplished something. i really enjoyed that class and i recommend taking it with clark.', 'show up to all lectures and take notes - final is open book', 'best professor ever!', 'very cool topics. writes a lot on whiteboard', 'he is really kind after i forget the appointment with him. clark is the best.', "one of the kindest professor i've seen in four years. go to the class and take notes. need to deal with his challenging handwriting. tests are open-book.", "extremely solid prof. you'll never catch him off guard. you will write a lot, but you'll also learn a lot. he packs more in an hour and a half than any other prof i've had in cs. assignment questions are sometimes not-so-clear, but they the mix of theory and practice makes them a great asset in the learning experience.", 'clark is &quot;tha man&quot;. his lectures are very clear and organized. i think he is one of the best instructors in the cs department.', "most interesting comp class i've taken so far. lectures are recorded, if you do comprehensive note-taking for each one it will pay off on both your assignments and the open-book quizzes/final. assignments are challenging but very useful for understanding the material. half the class plagiarized them and is salty about doing poorly in the course. :/", "makes classes harder than they strictly need to me, exams and assignments are extremely tough and require a lot of time and effort. prof. verbrugge is a *fantastic* lecturer and a nice guy, really cool and likes what he's teaching. be prepared to pour your heart and soul into his courses, but you'll walk away having learned a lot.", 'hard exams and very difficult and long assignments. things that usually people in masters do. he had to curve up the grade a little because of many poor grades. but aside from that, he is clear and organized and he wants you to work hard. would be nice if he could bring a little life to his lectures though.', 'super nice, super smart, fantastic teacher.', 'knows his stuff and lectures are decent', 'one of my favourite professors at mcgill. assignments are long and hard, his writing is difficult to decipher but he is an excellent instructor and knows what he is talking about.', 'pretty decent teacher. knows the material well. needs to add some color to his wardrobe. stands too close to the chalkboard wearing all that black.']
['this man is phenomenal. a decorated professor who has achieved so much. his personality is also very funny and friendly. the class was extremely dense but the curving more than made up for it. i also learnt so much in the course. glad i ended up taking the course instead of dropping it like so many people. what a man!', 'copped a fat l in 251, and i still think the man is a legend', 'great course. very hard, but easy marking. easiest a i ever got. no finals, only impossible assignments. very fun guy, got **** with him and the stories are hilarious.', 'awesome prof. no final exam! no project! interesting assignments!', 'amazing teacher- and amazing class. even if it is the first thing in the morning :(', "luc is awesome. anyways, any prof who posts playboy pictures on his website can't be unawesome.", "you may not believe at the beginning, but he is a legend. he made this course one of the most stimulating, exciting classes i ever took. the best part is that he genuinely likes what he talks about and it shows. he's also super helpful during the office hour. i didn't do very well on exams, but i swear to the god i learned a lot of good roughage.", 'true living legend! this prof is simply amazing. although the amount of material seen in class was massive; this was done by real passion. luc was extremely generous on the grades, best prof ever, period.', 'great professor, lots of material but you learn a lot form him', "an absolutely unbelievable lecturer; likely in the top 5 at mcgill. devroye's lectures are easy to follow; he is fantastic at drawing pictures and explaining the intuition before giving formal definitions and proofs. it's clear he has refined 690 over the years into a hidden gem; secretly providing the background that machine learning is built on.", 'one of the best profs in the field. great lecturer, unique sense of humour. his lectures are a joy and his assignments are worthy foes.', 'tips to do well with devroye: there are many many algorithms in this class that is covered, it is very important to understand these algorithms by applying them at least once. familiarity/memorizing(big o) with algorithms &amp; concepts is key to doing well. assignments too difficult, not required to do well. i did no assignments and got 100 in final.', "the best prof i've ever seen.", "he draws testicle-shaped diagrams. also, he has badass hair, and isn't afraid of ruining a shirt if it means explaining said diagrams. great prof, very engaging and entertaining, interesting assignments and relatively nice marking!", 'best professor you can ever have! his lectures were the best! i was an international student while studying at mcgill. this is the only course that i feel was so worth paying the $2000 tuition, just to sit in the classroom and listen to him! what a pleasure!', 'goat', "he is a good prof, very good at explaining questions. i'm inspired by him and figured out i am actually not as good at comp sci as i used to think. whether i pass or not, he is a good prof.", 'i have never been so awake at 8:30 am as i was in this class. extremely engaging teacher. hard assignments.', 'greatest prof of all time. legendary curver of grades.', "hilarious prof. if your taking 252 make sure to plan your semester as if 252 were a 5 credit course. luc delivers a lot of material really fast. he's a great lecturer but you can't expect to retain the material lectures without going over them 2-3 times each.", 'awesome prof. highly accomplished in his field. very friendly and unconventional. good sense of humor and great stories! beware: the assignments can be ridiculously difficult. no final exam. and all his lectures are in the morning. quite a rebellious prof. if you work hard enough, you will enjoy this course and be greatly benefited from it.', 'draws diagrams that look like genitals then gets embarrassed and erases them.']
['good prof overall. makes the material clear and concise. he has a thick french accent, and makes many grammatical mistakes when he speaks. but other than that, good.', "a very caring prof who's readily accessible. not the best at explanations, but the final was surprisingly easy compared to what could have been tested. assignments are fair and i definitely feel like i learned a lot in this class. solid dude", "very logical and clear in his way of explaining things! told us not to worry about grades too much (unless you're failing) and that what you do with the stuff you learn is more important, which i appreciate. good funny guy. go through lectures carefully and do the practice problems.", 'many different algorithms are presented in the lectures that could seem difficult for an undergraduate with little background, which was my case; however, the low weight of final, 25%, made this class an easy a. i think everybody got a full mark on the presentation and there were only two assignments and we had an entire month to do each of them.', 'his lectures get boring as he talks slowly while reading his slides that are taken exactly from the textbook for the most part. however, he is very helpful as he cares about the success of his students and is always available to give a hand. assignments are easy and his exams are fair and doable (lets you with crib sheets too). overall he is good.', "waldispuhl is, personally my type of teacher. if you like a person that works methodically (like a robot) then you will love him. he's fair, straightforward, organized and actually aim for the students' success. he has a low ego enough that he records his lectures. the only downside would be the sometimes unclear assignment instructions.", 'if you have taken up many courses and you want to reduce your stress level then take up his lectures.', 'one of the few professors who actually care about his students. if you raise a concern during the course, he will address it in a timely manner. he is also very knowledgable and his examples are very helpful in lectures when explaining the functionality of the numerous algorithms you would have to learn. a bit unclear at times but would take again.', 'reads off the slides, which can get annoying and i did not learn much from those, but a decent and nice professor.', 'jerome is a solid professor. sometimes the lectures got a bit dry, but jerome is an extremely nice professor that cares about his students succeeding. the grading was pretty easy and the assignments were straight-forward for the most part.', 'really good slides and very fair with evaluations ,did learn a lot in the course.', "caring and passionate, fairly accessible given the class size. his lectures are crystal clear and rich in details. on one hand, it's great for beginners - but beware that occasionally he cannot finish the slides on time. assignments might be a bit vague but tas are nice and usually very ready to help. the all-mc final was easier than the quizzes.", "very interesting and essential course. notes could be sometimes unclear, so the textbook helps a lot. the prof seems usually busy, but he's still very helpfull.", 'incredibly nice and kind professor who got a boatload of rude entitled students this semester. if you did the work and actually read what was expected of you, you would do fine', 'incredibly nice prof, i really enjoyed this course with him, the lectures may get boring sometimes but i learned a lot of stuff. even in his office hours he is super helpful and explains well !']
["he's a little weird... and a lot obsessed with linux! he hates windows so if you don't want to fail, don't mention that you are a windows user in front of him!! but he's rather good, i never had any knowledge about programing but thanks to him i'm getting pretty good!", 'amazing professor- easy/fun class. definitely recommended as an elective.', "he's a great professor =)", "comp lectures are not that useful so most of the class spends its time on the internet. mat is a great prof who finds creative ways to explain things. he's very helpful on assignements if you have questions. he's also the biggest open source nerd i know.", "he spends too much time explaining very easy things to a couple of retarded persons. in case you're reading this professor: when you ask if we have questions and nobody answers it's not because we are dumb, it's because we understood everything and because you're good ;).", 'he smells funny. often hears the same thing! &quot;hello world!&quot;, and in his words, use firefox not ie.', 'hes a good teacher. and yes he gave us candy while we were getting raped and mauled by the exam. for comp 202 learn as much java/programming over the summer, this couse is no joke.', 'most helpful professor i have had. the material is hard, so going to class and doing the assignments will help only to a certain extent. it is imperative to understand the theory inside out, and practice programming. do all the assignments on your own and the prof and tas are good resources..fun course and excellent prof :)', "i love him! he is the best! he answers all questions posted on webct and he was of a great help to me and other fellow students! he's so cute, awesome, handsome, funny, and most importantly, he is so hot! and yes, obsessed with linux/unix!", "loved him! it's not the easiest class, especially if you're not going into computing or engineering, but there's no crazy trick to doing well - read over the slides and practice. petitpas was helpful, nice and made the material interesting. all around great class!", "prof. petitpas was one of the most helpful professors i have ever come into contact with. he bent over backwards to make sure every student understood what was happening, even if he was a touch brusque at times. this is a tough class, and programming is my world. he's an excellent resource, as are the tas. i'd take a class of his again.", 'awesome professor. really loves the material he teaches, and will spend as much time as possible to help students understand it. the exams and some of the assignments were relatively hard, though, so make sure you start them quickly. the midterm and final were very difficult to finish in the time allocated.', 'an awesome, enthusiastic and funny prof indeed!', 'he gave us candy wile we were being raped by the final! how cute is that&#63; awesome prof... thumbs up!', "the class is insanely hard if you're not in engineering. i struggled soooo much. remember this is a class about java, and learning how to program, so you're basically learning an entire new language. assignments are crazy hard and super long to complete. midterm was tough. i definitely do not recommend this class if you don't have to take it.", "in my year for our final exam timbits were distributed.cool.this course needs hard work for the assignments and this prof makes it easier and clear-even though he's a little quirky.", 'very clear as professor, tricky assignments but you learn a lot. definitely take him if you can', "he was a good prof, and i definitely learned a lot and did well in the class, but i'm still a bit disappointed that he marked our final assignment by using a program he wrote, and despite being a supporter of open source, didn't release the source code when i had concerns my assignment may have been marked incorrectly.", 'the professor is very good. he cares about the students, is thoughtful with assignments, and is attentive to the discussion boards. a very good and worthwhile class, but *hard*.']
['he takes things slowly and his explanations are very clear and concise. extremely nice and approachable guy as well. he likes to incorporate geeky culture into the assignments and tests which keeps them interesting. the class was actually a joy to take...!', 'one of the best professors in cs department. he is really passionate about what he works on (model-driven engineering). he encourages opting for different groups for assignments and project which really helps. he is always approachable. if you are clear with the concepts he teaches in class, u can easily score an a in this subject! overall, great!', "do not take this class if you have no prior knowledge to computing and programming. i find it extremely hard to keep up in lectures, as he simply reads off slides very quickly, and does examples quickly as well. the assignments are hard for beginners as well. definitely does not seem like an 'intro' course.", 'easy class, easy assignment, easy test, hot prof', 'great professor, the only approachable person in the whole department i have ever seen. exactly clear about what he expects and always respects students. if he gives a course, you can take it without hesitation.', 'great prof. i knew nothing about programming prior to this class and now i love it. he posts all the slides online, so its not too bad if you miss a class. but if you go, he explains everything very well.', 'very cool professor ! some of the assignments he wrote were really interesting. he is also very nice and helpful. i wish he could go faster with the material though, the course pace is *very* slow. but that might be because of the nature of the course.. anyway, jrg is really cool, and i highly recommend him. the two other instructor were good too!', "it's a project course, so not too many lectures... but he is very enthusiastic during class and extremely helpful if you go talk to him in his office", "it's a modelling course where the focus is predominantly on the uml diagrams like class diagram, sequence diagram, use case, environment, etc. a 6-credit course (for 1 year) which is gonna help. tedious assignments. interesting group project. exciting game development based on the models developed. good to mention in your resume.", 'good overall, hard assignments.', 'terrific guy...a figure skating professor!', '+ down to the earth + very clear instructions on tests solutions (marks, what to do, etc) + handsome - unclear assignment instructions ^ tough assignments (but worth doing it) ^ respected by students', 'jorg is super cool, albeit a tendency to teach from powerpoints. i would recommend the professor but not the course.', 'great professor with a very cool attitude. always helpful, and i think his courses are the easiest place to get an a. however, his classes can be kinda boring, and extremely slow.', 'one-year course. the expectation is to develop a game and give a demo. having a team of 5 and choosing the implementation platform on our own really helps. first sem involves design phase (which is theoretical) and the second involves implementation of the game. he uses modelling techniques which make it a lot more easier. easy-to-score mid-sems!', "u'll end up with the following: - 6 credits - an 'a' (if you are willing to work) - a solid project - cool friends (possibly your team-mates / the prof himself ;))", 'really funny teacher, except his slides are pink.']
['the best professor i have ever had in this university...', 'he is tough, but you learn a lot at the same time. software design methodology was hard course but he made easy to understand and follow. you have to study his lecture notes carefully, all the questions in the exams were from his notes. he is always available to help. in general great teacher.', 'thus teacher is a magician. he turns the most boring and complicated materials and concepts to a level of fun. and he is definitely the best teacher in concordia university i had. fully organized and maximum clarity in teaching and exams.', 'he is trying to make the course fun, and he is always available to answer your questions in person or by mail. the text book is huge though so you should study hard in order to get good mark.', 'he is a passionate teacher. he is always available to answer your questions (even in the hallway). he always answer your e-mails. he is great but comp-208 sucks. although he did his best to make it fun, but the book is so boring.', "awesome professor, very knowledgeable, but very tough. you have to study but you learn a lot, he is always available to help you. you send an email, in the same hour, you'll receive the respond. high recommended.", 'i wish all the professors were like him in this university...', 'very nice person, clear lecture, tough project but i learnt a lot.', 'very nice professor, just have to follow his notes clearly.', 'amazing teacher, alway available. sent an email to him, within 5minutes you receive an answer. awesome.', 'amin is one of the best teachers i have ever had , his notes are clear, class attendance is mandatory if you need good mark. take his course without doubt', 'it was the first time he thought a course in concordia university and i had no idea on him before... he is such a gem... i wish all professors in concordia were like him... you can get good mark easily if you attend lectures and get the hints about the exams... group projects can be painful if you are in bad team...', 'i highly recommend you when you see this teacher is offering a course... take it without doubting because you are gonna learn and have fun learning. extraordinarily awesome teacher.', 'he is an awesome professor. always available on email. very knowledgeable. best lectures. awesome grader.', 'he is a good teacher but he is tough, you need to study a lot and at the same time you learn a lot. he is there to help you. when you send an email, he immediately answer back. always to help you.', 'awesome teacher, always available to help with big smile. totally recommend to take his course.', 'amazing!']
["prof. ruths was really an amazing teacher!! he made all his lectures really interesting and fun to listen to. he cares a lot about his students and is always willing to answer any questions you have. he assigns a lot of homework, but they'll be very helpful in your preparation for the exams. great class and a fantastic professor.", 'great prof, teaches easy courses, very understanding guy, easy a - recommended!', "such a good guy! he gives too many assignments and his questions don't exactly match the course material, but they can be figured out with some quick googling. and he bought the class doghnuts like four times (and handed them out in the middle of the final..) <3", "really nice prof and lectures are fun. it was an interesting class to take for someone with no background in computer science. it's a good introduction and teaches you practical information. ruths is kinda disorganized but a nice guy and a good prof. lots of assignments that you need to do research for but he's a fair grader", "he was my first computer science professor and by far the best. he explains very well all the materials and is super nice. however if you don't go to class or don't listen very carefully, you won't pass.", "derek inspired me so much! i'm not a comp sci major but he made the subject really interesting and he is such a nice and caring professor. going to class and participating in his class is so gratifying, and he really encourages to speak up and answer questions/ask questions + the homework is perfect practice for the midterm/final. amazing class!", 'super nice prof, super clear, makes sure everyone understands. not a tough grader either. a not too hard assignment every week and an easy midterm and final that count for only 25% each. definitively an easy a, would recommend if interested in the subject of the internet world and computer science for beginners.', 'derek is an amazing prof! he is very clear in his explanations and makes the material interesting. i had never taken a computer science class before and found myself easily understanding and really enjoying his lectures as well. he is very friendly and loves answering any questions you think of. his family is adorable, too! great guy all around.', 'derek just seems like an all around great guy. decently interesting lectures although the subject material is kind of dumb. the homework is a fair bit of work and is pretty much weekly but is graded very easily. midterm was a joke. would recommend this class.', 'the most caring prof i have encountered here at mcgill so far with really fair grading. despite the early time slot and frequent assignments it is a great elective to take!', "had him this semester, he answers e-mails frequently, one of the nicest people ever, he makes his classes relevant to the real world and makes you think but gives you whatever help you need. easy on the eyes!! i think i've learned more in his class than any other class this semester. he's great!", 'really good teacher. made me a lot more in computer science than i already was. really helpful and nice.', 'such an awesome prof- made computer science interesting to an arts student! very approachable, organized and interesting. take this course!', 'intelligent very friendly.', 'he explains pretty well and the class is worth taking. there are no midterms, no finals, just short, easy assignments throughout the semester and a paper to write .. very easy elective', 'good teacher, very fair in his grading. always willing to help. assignments are not difficult per say but can be tedious with all the different commands to be used.', "loved this class. lots of homework but manageable and if done then you'll do well on the exams as they're the exact same format", 'derek ruths is a great, amazing, easy-going and helpful professor!!!! he is the best!! and, his lectures are easy and interesting. if you go to class and listen all his lectures, you will get a a easily.']
['best teacher ever!', "good teacher, but course will be difficult for those who havn't programmed b4.", 'took a course with her a very long time ago. she was a fabulous teacher.', 'cool', 'excellent teacher! wish she still teaches at mcgill!', 'excellent teaching skills. makes everything sound simple and clarifies complex issues.', 'excellent. teaches very well but do not play with her. very fair.', 'excellent prof! must take the course with her!', 'excellent teacher! took comp202 with her when i was at mcgill. she made me love cs. amazing! i still remember her explaining in class.', 'best computer science teacher i have seen yet in this school.', 'best teacher! excellent and very fair.', 'good teacher from all points of view', "she's a great teacher who now teaches at the lebanese american university campus in jbeil. she takes the time required to explain and won't stop helping you till you're on the same waves, on the same paths."]
['fav prof', "to my surprise, melanie is actually quite hilarious and entertaining. as a bonus, she is quite the cutie if you know what i mean ;) which is nice since it is rare to have such eye candy in the computer science department or any stem department for that matter. overall, it's still comp 202 so you know the drill. easy a if you put in the work.", "amazing prof!! melanie's lectures are so clear and also very interesting and fun! i knew nothing about programming coming into this course, and i learned a lot from her! she is very helpful and easily approachable and such a nice and funny person! very enjoyable class", "melanie is one of the coolest and best profs (and the best of the 3 choices as far i heard). however, comp202 was not an 'easy a' course unlike what most people say. so you really have to stay on top of the material especially if you've never taken a comp course before, and the assignments are killers. the final is way easier than the midterm.", "ended up being the prof of all comp202 sections. even if you are registered in another section, i suggest you study from melanie's slides, or even attend her section instead even if registered another. super comprehensible and concise explanations appropriate for newcomers to programming. her sections are recorded too.", "mel is probably my favorite teacher at mcgill. she's a kind person and a good teacher, and can be really funny with her example problems! comp 202 is unsurprisingly, an easy a, but she made it all the more enjoyable. thanks mel!", "i ended up in melanie's section cause pomerantz' section was full. that said, she is a great lecturer! she explains everything clearly and in a way that even inexperienced people in computer science or other stem fields can understand. just because dan pomerantz is the most popular prof for comp 202 doesn't mean you should overlook the other profs.", 'the best for introductory courses!!', "comp202 was very hard for me, but melanie is great at explaining, and will help walk you through problems when you get stuck if you reach out for help. her slides are crystal clear and in-class exercises are well-designed, so follow along diligently. she's also very funny and chill :)", "another year, another wave of ambitious students eager to learn coding enrolling in what is inarguably the most popular elective of all time at mcgill; comp 202. that said, this teacher teaches just as well as all the profs in the other sections. it's comp 202 after all, it's an easy a if you do all the assignments and do both the midterm and final", "great prof, actually went to the lectures even though they weren't mandatory", 'brilliant teacher!', 'midterm was way harder than the final - got a 60 on the midterm and a 86 on the final. melanie is hilarious and very good at holding the attention of her students, loved this class. easy a if you work through her recommended exercises', "the clearest of all comp 202 profs! the way she explains is so amazing and she's so structured. plus she really gives all the good tips to get a good grade on the midterm and the final", 'she is a great teacher, clear and helpful (always)! and she is actually very funny!!! choose her because she is a real rock star!', 'melanie is an awesome professor who can actually explain everything in a very clear way that i think most people can understand easily. she often gives very interesting examples during class and very helpful assignments for students to work on.', "she's a great lecturer and everything she says in class is relevant to the exams. lectures are recorded so going to class isn't necessary but going allows you to get in the info in digestible chunks and also ensures that you have adequate knowledge to complete the assignments. tests can be detailed oriented and tricky but still are very fair."]
['fun guy, enthusiastic, dropped his laptop off a podium cuz he was climbing on a desk but that was funny. fun assignments, no writing programs on exams. he does robotics which is cool too', "really enthusiastic guy, sort of unclear on his assignments. answers all questions you'll ask him in class. the code in his exams is very ugly.. practice programming a lot. showed some cool movies of his robotics projects in class. probably one of the bet", 'very nice approachable guy. obviously really likes what he does, although his enthusiam sometimes gets him off track. ugly code on tests. fair and occasionally fun assignments.', 'the best teacher ever', 'good communication skills. presents rather dry material in a fun, relevant way. i always enjoyed going to his class. the laptop / podium gag was classic.', 'he is one of the best teachers ever. makes boring material interesting, wont let you fall asleep, help his students as much as he can.cares about you.you are always welcome to his office even if he is busy.goes thorugh everything even not related to the course with you to make you feel good. give the best advices.knows his stuff.an asset for mcgill', "he is one my favorite prof! super super busy and this affected the course's tempo and he didn't response to people's emails, but his lectures were really valuable and his knowledge and practice skills - excellent. he is also very willing to help after class (with extra stuff as well) and one of the best prof in ai for sure!", "prof. dudek is wonderful. he was my favorite comp sci prof. he makes every lecture fun and interesting, explaining everything very thoroughly in ways we can understand. he truly cares about the success of his students. homeworks are long and exams are tricky, but work hard and you'll do fine!"]
['scarily enthusiastic!', "there is no such thing as 'too enthusiastic'. this guy will keep you amazed just by how excited he is to teach. i just wish he could influence more profs to be the same! he is clearly passionate about teaching, and more helpful and approachable than any prof in the department. it's almost hard to leave his office because he wants to help so much!", 'always enthusiastic about his students and his work.', 'not very good. very enthusiastic about everything. virtually everything he teaches or assigns will be abstract or vague, leaving you scratching your head trying to figure out what he wants you to do, exactly. i seriously do not recommend taking a course from him.', 'course outline says we have 4 asgts, got 2. enthusiastic.', 'awesome prof. very enthusiastic and helpful.', 'the course is fun and interesting, and so is hans. very approachable and talkative. the assignments hans gives allow you you to get some hands-on experience in working with modelling tools.', "he's a very good teacher but he might be a little too enthusiastic sometimes...", 'great guy! extremely motivated and enthusiastic.']
['very nice professor, somewhat hot. she is clearly an expert in machine learning and she is always helpful to students. you will definitely learn a lot with her, grading is good even if you are not answering totally correct. recommend her courses!', "joelle was an amazing prof and is clearly respected in both academia and industry as she now heads facebook's montreal ai lab. the course was a decent amount of work, but definitely doable. the exam was fair, and then she even ended up curving significantly. this was my first course in the computer science department, no issues catching up.", 'joelle speaks like a textbook. this is impressive but unhelpful - she often failed to simplify the material and provide concrete examples. at least half the course was pure math and probability. her slides make it very clear what you need to know though, so watch online lectures. the ai tournament was a great project though. very worthwhile class.', 'certainly more organized than doina precup. course was very interesting, but marking was harsher than what i was told about other ai profs.', 'great projects! great course! great prof!', "joelle pineau is the best cs professor i've had at mcgill. she is very professional and very clear. she does her best to explain the material and wants you to learn. she answers e-mails, doesn't look down on students and encourages everyone to participate. though, she makes you work for it quite a bit. expect more hmw than a normal 3 cr. course.", 'professor and lectures were very interesting, well organized, and easy to follow. exams were slightly difficult, but fair. weekly assignments required too much work for a 3-credit course, but the grading distribution allowed you to skip/not count almost half of them.', 'well. she curves a lot so you got probably an a.', 'ai was fun,clear assignments, perfectly structured course, fair midterm, very good slides, explains the stuff really good, know what whe is talking about, very helpfull out of the class, flexible, late assignment&#63; she repesct your excuses, easy to follow, is an asset for mcgill', 'lectures can be a bit dry, but definitely go see her outside of class because she explains things very clearly then. one of the better comp sci profs @ mcgill. the assignments can be kind of a pain though.']
['nice teacher. she is very enthusiastic about teaching her class, although sometimes she does make some stuffs much harder than it would be. but if you visit her during office hours, she will be more than happy to help you out. a hard class, but totally worth it. it will prepare you for anything.', 'maja is a very nice person to talk to generally even not about compsci! she explains well and she knows her stuff!she is a hard worker and inspiring :)', "she's so good! energetic and clear. assignments are hard and really time consuming but are a really effective way to learn the material. profs/t.a.s are extremely accessible.", 'maja is an awesome teacher. she knows her stuff and she never gives assignments without explaining the subject to you. she is not a hard marker.', 'excellent. very clear and helpful.', "her class is not for the faint of heart - it's a lot of work for an intro class, and the averages were always low. however, she's a pretty good teacher and very approachable. the assignments are difficult if you're not in the comp sci state of mind, which turned a lot of people off of this course"]
["the effort i put into assignments and the project weren't appreciated. but i learned a lot in that course ..", "her sarcastic humour keeps you awake through some of the dry parts of the material. definitely a &quot;unique&quot; personality and teaching style.. at first she may seem hard to approach, but really i think she likes to help anyone who's willing to make an effort to learn. you can easily tell that she loves her subject which adds a lot to her lectures.", 'funny but a little scarcastic', "interesting and rewarding lectures and assignments. she may be strict on some things but she's good-hearted.", 'one of the best teacher at mcgill. very funny, very interesting and extremely brillant person.', 'lot of work, extremely interesting, one of my best course.', "seems uneasy at first but with time you'll know that it's opposite. very helpful, charming. she knows the subject very well and makes everything easy to understand. one of the great professor in the university.", 'great teacher and one of the best classes i took. a lot of work, but very interesting. exams are easy if you work on your project.']
['bentley oakes is always willing to help and explains things clearly. some of the times when he is answering questions in class, he may not know how to answer your question, but that is mostly due to the wording of the question.', 'put in the right amount of work and this class is super useful. all of the professors are invested in making sure you understand the material and are actively helping you any way they can. clear lectures, clear assignments. it can be a heavy workload but they help you through it.', "he's a lovely man who loves cats and has a quite particular sense of humor (that i really enjoyed!) he is really sweet and has good taste in video games (wesnoth!), i would recommend taking him.", 'bentley is the sweetest professor you will ever have. unfortunately, he only teaches comp202. his lectures are recorded, so feel free to watch from home. his slides are great, and he loves cat puns. overall the course is not easy, but bentley is super helpful during office hours!', "very helpful and approachable. doesn't act like he knows everything but instead tries to reason things out with you. great prof.", 'amazing professor, explains very clearly and at a good pace, is slides are exceptional and he chooses examples which make the assignments a breeze. if you go and listen closely to his lectures you will get an a. also very approachable and a funny guy.', "best comp teacher i've had hands down. fun lectures, clearly explained topics and he really makes it easy to understand the material. bentley is always there to help too. take him!", 'great guy, explains clearly, easy tests.', "bentley oakes is an amazing prof and you can truly tells he cares about teaching. i found him to be extremely fair and i really loved the course. with no previous experience in programming, i found it very easy to do well in the course just by attending lectures and doing the assignments. the best course i've taken at mcgill so far! :)"]
['a bright, young, and caring professor. very patient to help students to learn. practical learning outcome and deserved grade with an inadequate comp sci skills to start this course. every student succeeds with the right attitude.', 'you will wonder about his homer simpson antics, and have fun failing the class.', "the reason why they keep him teaching first year is because...well, he's the best teacher there is for a student coming in. the best part is that he caters to both people new to programming and experienced programmers. i also recommend doing your honours project with him.", "the course was pretty difficult, lots of work.. but in the end it was lots of fun (for me, a lot of my classmates had completely different opinions about the course and the prof). the professor was very helpful either way, and he always tries his best to help us even though he makes a few mistakes sometimes (he's only human). definately recommended", 'the legends are true. mark lanthier is a god on earth. his voice is angelic, and his lectures were really interesting. his course was the best i had my first year. his assignments are super straightforward and he is always willing to help you.', 'the best professor for computer science. he has the best notes for his class.', 'best prof at carleton. amazing!', "awesome teacher, his notes were the best i've seen", "good talker, which is rare for a computer science prof. material can get boring, but he does his best to keep class interest. assignments were fun, made things that would actually be cool to talk about. course will require work, but it's worth it.", 'fantastic!!! very helpful! really nice, helps to simplify a potential nightmare. likes to talk about all sorts of stuff in his office, very sociable, willing to go to great lengths to help people, like i didnt understand the course but he spent a long time teaching me it on the side. fair assignments. a must have for any computer science student', 'he has a solid understanding of the course and accepts that not everyone taking it needs to be there. however it is advisable to attend lectures as he does add in tips and tricks that he has learned from his experience which would otherwise be hard to find. he is fun and engages with the class well. no textbook everything he teaches is in the notes', 'he is sooooo funny.', 'cares about students and knows how to keep java (java!!) class lively!', 'very clear, and very helpful. the entire course notes were available for 20 dollars and contained amazing examples and descriptions. take his class if you can.', "best teacher i have ever had. i am sad he doesn't teach much after first level.", 'decent prof, but occasionally unprofessional (and offensive) - did not appreciate the handful of transphobic comments he made during a couple of his lectures. assignments are decent; tutorials were mind-numbingly dull; tests were a piece of cake.', 'best prof in computer science. very funny.', 'he is the funniest guy in the world, and not because he tries to be. comp 1005 was boring as hell, but it would have been a lot worse with any other prof. try to get him at all costs if you must take a comp course.', "fabulous guy. keep up the great work, you're one in a million!", "only prof with a french accent who can't speak french.", 'makes programming ideas simple to understand with metaphor-like examples.', 'great prof, lectures were kinda cool and useful', 'amazing prof!', 'most awesome teacher ever!', "he's really funny too", 'had him for 1405 and 1406. mark goes through his example code in class, very helpful as he will explain why you are getting certain errors and really help you understand what you are trying to do. assignments could be challenging but were fun. very willing to help during his office hours too. to top it off his notes were free on the course site', 'he is a nice guy and he is good at explaining the concepts behind the stuff he teaches, also he is pretty funny.', 'great examples', 'great prof, one of the nicest guys.', 'he is perfect in teaching', "he's a great prof, the assignments aren't difficult and if you go to class you will know everything you need to for tests and assignments", 'best comp sci prof ever', 'lanthier should have been nominated for best teacher, not li', 'amazing prof best class i ever had excellent notes', 'good prof, i took comp1406 with him. there was no textbook for this course, but he provides you with excellent notes, that are even better than a textbook. my primary complaint is that there are assignments every single week, which is difficult, considering that there are 4 other courses in a semester, and some students have jobs.', "one of the best profs i've had. easy to follow, fun, and knows his stuff.", 'best teacher', "he's a nice guy. there are a decent amount of assignments, but as long as you stay on top of them, they're not too hard. if you don't know java, go to lecture. he did make a few mildly transphobic comments at the start of the term. it never went past this, but it's something to keep in mind if that would discomfort you.", "awesome teacher! best i've had yet!", "he's a pretty good professor. there's no textbook for the course, but professor lanthier has all the notes for the course (which he made himself) posted online, which are sufficient for learning the material. he goes through the notes each lecture and explains them well using examples, without just reading. he's willing to help anyone who asks.", 'awsome teacher! great notes!!!!', "tied with jit bose as the best profs i've had so far. great teaching style; funny guy.", "really good prof but i found this course very tough. you will spend at least 6 hours a week doing homework. you don't need to go to class.", "class is easy and straight forward. his notes are so good you don't have to attend class. however i recommend it because you will never get a professor like this again. go sens go", 'this guy has the best notes out of all the computer science teachers. mark can really teach and makes the class actually interesting for non geeks. awesome prof!', 'great professor, easy to understand and follow in his notes (he teaches from them). amiable, and easy to talk to.', "if the real workplace and the later year courses will have unrealistic, vague, and confusing situations like his tutorials and assignments, then i'm changing my major to mathematics.", 'they need to clone mark and have him teach all the other courses. best prof at carleton.', "best professor ever. never understood programming until i took those two courses with him, now programming makes sense:).like you guys said it's a shame that he doesn't teach beyond first year courses.", "goes out of his way to make java fun and the learning sort of sneaks up on you while you're having fun in his class. the clear and comprehensive &quot;textbook&quot; for this course was really a collection of course notes which are available free on his website, but a dead tree version is available for cheap from the cs society.", "my favorite professor. he's extremely organized, has good analogies and is very good at explaining abstract coding concepts. he is very resourceful and always keeps in mind that a lot of us don't have a lot of prior programming experience. his course notes are godly. if you go to all the classes and tutorials, you will definitely get a good grade.", 'laugh out lound funny. superb notes back up excellent lecutures', "awesome. online notes are great. very nice guy and will give any help you need. don't even need to attend his lectures, but you'll find yourself going anyways because it's enjoyable.", "i don't like the fact that his exams are based on his coding st yle", 'yea this guys a god among men. i could honestly sit at home and learn everything but sitting in lecture is motivating. straight forward, amazing notes, amazing person.', "such a great prof! took intro to robotics with him, and it was the best choice i've made this year. classes were really fun and engaging. he's very easy to approach for help too!", "i don't even have him for class and i think he's awesome for comp sci. i have his notes for the course i'm taking and they're amazing!", 'absolutely hilarious', "probably the best teacher i've ever had, and i'm in first year uni! he is very clear, insightful, helpful and is just a very good teacher. he covers a lot of topics and he does a lot of real world examples that really cement how a good programmer should think. he's also funny, enthusiastic, and makes the class fun. great teacher.", "best prof i've ever had in cs. awesome notes.", 'best cs prof i have had, entertaining, makes me want to attend lectures', 'best prof in scs, wish he taught more.', 'good enough prof but his assignments are worded in a poor way and his marking scheme is unnecessarily harsh. lost 5% per assignment because "i was technically right but it could have been done differently."', "best professor a first year can ask for. no curveballs, great notes, great guy. if you've taken java programming already, you're set. if you want an a+, listen to lanthier and to the tutorials. awesome prof though!", 'very easy if you already know how to program, although i admit i learned 1 or 2 new things from the course. teaches reasonably well, no complaints (other than tutorials are a little lame).', 'very easy prof, classes are very enjoyable and super easy to understand. applies learning to real life which makes it even easier to understand. instead of making us read textbooks, we get to read his awesome notes.', 'best comp sci prof ever. lots of fun, very clear, loves his hockey. :)', 'his notes are so good there are rumors that students from other universities use it. his lectures are not that usefull since everything is in his awesome notes.', 'one of the best in comp. sci. department!!!', 'teaches a solid robotics class. make sure you have no classes right after this class though, as the labs (very) often get extended for up to 30 minutes. this extra time in the lab is often essential and most people wont complete their code in time without it.', "he was always funny in class, was able to mix his own humour in with the lectures, definitely knew what he was talking about, kept me interested for the full 90 minutes early in the morning... this year, i got juan pablo zapata, and he is brutal, avoid zapata his class puts me to sleep, lanthier has been the best proff i've had at carleton so far", 'best prof. ever!......very funny guy, easy to learn in his classes', "enjoy while it lasts. you'll never have a better professer than this.", 'he is a good prof..', "best professor i've had at carleton. actually has a good sense of humour. very nice to talk to. very clear when talking and the best notes i've seen yet. very unfortunate that he doesn't teach any courses beyond 1st year.", 'greatest prof i have had so far.', 'he is a nice prof. just pay attention in his class and you will be fine with the assignments, quizzes, and tutorials.', "awesome awesome prof.... best of the best, if you get a chance to take a class with him, do it, you'll have a great time and understand the course and pass with easy. very easy going and extremely friendly.", "great professor! very funny and likes to include students in examples. goes through many examples in class and has fantastic notes! don't expect the class to be easy near the end though.", 'a good prof, but he is a bit tough. he teaches well in class and tries to explain when needs to be done in assignments. his assignments require a lot of work (as it is the case in most cs courses). if you go to his office hours he will help you and he will appreciate it.', "if you go to class and listen you will be fine, his grasp on java is amazing and all the concepts he teaches on oop are taught very clearly. his assignments relate directly to what you've learned in class and his tests are super fair, best comp teacher at cu", 'really nice guy, funny, smart, and a pleasure to listen to!', "good prof. he makes great notes and he's funny. his exams really test you so you have to really study. assignments can be challenging but they're fun.", 'awosome prof. the best in cs', 'definitely one of the best profs at cu', 'awesome prof. must really love his job. bring clarity to every aspect of programming. keep up the good work', "really a great professor. i asked him like 1000 times the whole semester and he never let me down. you're really great prof. mark. that's besides what all of us know about you, your sense of humour :)", "haven't even had a course with this guy but needed to rate him because he's helped me out before even when he wasnt my prof. once in a tutorial, and once i was looking for my profs office, and mark told me he already left but offered to help me out instead. really nice guy and hes a sens fan too.", 'good, helpful guy!', 'just an overall fantastic prof, a true god amongst men. also fantastic notes which he provides, and his hair is lovely.']
["the only prof i've had for 3 classes and i'm damn glad. if only every prof at carleton was nel", "lou is an amazing prof that makes a comp-sci course that's about reading and writing papers interesting. also, his classes are not to be missed because there's always some hilarious reference or story that's not only funny, but on topic too.", "i took several classes with the guy, and he knows what he's talking about.. and cares about his students, so overall i would recomend him", 'this prof gives clear idea about what is comp 1406 and trying to make it easier than you thought. i would highly recommended to take comp 1406 with this prof if you are looking to get an essay a+ or to pass the course. his assignments are not that difficult but you need to focus on his assignments and his materials that he will post it later.', 'good class to attend as he likes to code on the go.', 'replies to email inquiries instantly. assignments are easy but hard to understand what he exactly wants. tutorials are fun. the lectures are kind of useless, just him talking about either the past or the present or how he is going to massage a program or a function.', "i don't know why everyone is hating on lou. had him for comp 1406, comp 3005 and comp 2406 and never got less then a b+. yes its hard to stay awake and listen to him. but he lays out exactly what he is asking for on the assignments which are worth half your mark. he won't tell you everything, but this is comp sci get use to learning new things.", "he's a pure computer scientist, and doesn't give off a very web-app type of guy though he does have work experience. the result is that his lectures are very entertaining from a high-level perspective, but he's not very great at teaching javascript. blame the course and language though, not him. he's very chill and hates js just as much as i do.", 'nel is an amazing prof. he really knows c++ and how to teach it really well.', 'lou is such a bro, hes the type of prof you can probably get beers with after the class. the way he structures the mobile classes makes it so if you put minimal effort you can guarantee a b+.', "amazing prof. i don't know anyone who didn't ace this course. makes everything very clear, tests are fair and assignments straightforward. if you can get him as a prof, i hearilly recomend doing so.", "he should teach a history of computer programming class. his lectures are funny, if only for the nullpointers that he generates, and it's fun to actually see code in class, he gets big props for that, it's nice to see a prof who will put his butt on the line infront of students, and doesn't mind if he makes mistakes.", 'very smart, very clear and make courses look very easy. defiantly take his courses', 'easy, but boring. uses the same notes for the last five years, but is too lazy too correct simple typos. take him and get an easy mark in comp 2404.', "awesome prof. if you are taking 314 make sure it's with nel. he made a theory-type course turn into one of my favorite lectures to attend. very funny guy as well.", "this guy is probably one of the best, if not the best programming profs i've ever had. he types up all the code in front of you, and all the mistakes he does is actually a good thing, because you can actually see what the compiler will spit out to you and understand how to solve them, before going off to your assingments and ripping your hair off.", 'great teacher with excellent real world experience.', "i love this guy. i've been lucky to get him three times so far (1405, 2405 and 3005), and these have been (not coincidentally) three of my most enjoyable courses. i don't attend class, and don't buy textbooks - his slides are sufficient for a+ grades. assignments are applicable to material and very educational.", "no matter who says what. lou nel is the best professor in the school of computer science at carleton u. he's pationate and he teaches every little detail of what you need to know. if you concentrate on his lectures and do the assignments properly, you will have a good understanding and you will do fine on the exams. great prof", "probably the single best professor i've had at carleton. as much as other people complain about his teaching style, you can tell that he knows his stuff and wants to share it with others. he makes a lot of small errors in a class, but it makes him seem more human and easier to learn from. i wish every prof were lou nel :d", "he's not the most exciting guy, but one of the few profs who actually makes material easy to understand. i'd be lost without the guy.", "this is one the best comp sci profs. make sure you get to have him at least once! class is always interesting with him. he does make a lot of mistakes but thats what makes it all the more amusing and interesting. plus that actually helps you, so you won't make the same mistake yourself. loved his analogies. he has a facebook group dedicated to him!", "had him for a few classes, and he's my favourite prof at carleton! although he sometimes repeats the same story... but it's all in good fun :p", "assignments are just extremely hard to understand, you will need to ask a few tas to get a good grasp. he has a very good layout for the course though, bad lectures are made up with very good ppt slides that are posted online. tutorials are worth 20% and they're extremely helpful in learning the content, you will fail the course if you miss them.", "this professor is honest and helpfull and explains everything well , but the problem is little bit with the ta who oppress and deal unfairly in marking or don't help , his idea of the tutorials is practical , it helped me but the ta is discriminating in tthe way he helps students , he helps some and ignore some and igonore some", "really good prof. one of the best ones in comp sci at carleton. not particularly easy when marking, but not too hard either. listen in class and you'll do fine. i learned a lot from his lectures.", 'great teacher, one of the best in compsci', 'great prof, explains things well, has a lot of class participation, tends to ramble a bit and go off topic, but he knows his stuff and loves to share it. great to go see one on one, but he talks soothingly and keeps the lights low, puts you right to sleep if you have him in the morning.', "one of the best profs ever taught me. quality teaching, excellent slides, and educational assignments. by doing them, you get real life experience. the best thing about him and his courses is that he is current and always updates his slides. his tests aren't easy but fair.", "nice guy, and is a somewhat enganging lecturer. if you want very structured or theory heavy lectures, he is not for you. he doesn't follow a script really, but he knows his stuff. fair to easy marker, but at least for this course, you need to attend and do the labs to get a good mark. i got a b+ because i only did half the labs.", "lou nel was the best comp sci prof i've had at carleton. he gives thorough, interesting lectures. very helpful and very fair with assignments and tests. he is really passionate about algorithms and it made for a fun class! highly recommend taking a class with him.", "very nice guy who genuinely wants to help his students learn. he's a bit rambling and a bit of a ****ter but over-all he's a good prof to have. c++ is a ridiculously large language to teach 2004 with.", 'good prof. creates and debugs code. relates code to real-life things that make you pause and say wtf&#63;! (public/private) causes more nullpointerexceptions than everyone else, combined. not the brightest. very bad at programming (lots of bugs, stupid mistakes, bad programming style). talks too much about c++ and smalltalk. this is java, not c++/st.', "good prof, lots of assignments but that comes with being in computer science. he's always willing to help and has interesting stories .", 'he is a very fair prof, assignments are relative and not too challenging. the lectures style is not formal for 1405 or 1406 but we are talking about learning a language, you are expected to learn a lot on your own. he reinforces the key concepts. overall fair and helpful. if you are a comp sci major you should have no complaints about this course.', 'nice explanation', "very good prof and easily my favorite course of the term, nel is up-to date in what employers want and need. he also adventures into upcoming technology's and assignments are practical you do not want this teacher if you don't have a good foundation in computer science, he teaches theory not code. much of the learning is done independently", 'probably this can summarize him: great course organizer, not the best lecturer. he makes a lot of resources available, always answered my questions, made posting updates fast and transparent, and even learned from previous terms (revising assignments/exams)', 'a nice prof', "if you are looking for an instructor who tells you every detail to memorize to pass the class, then you should take another course. louis lectures in a older style, suitable for students who know how to learn on their own. his assignments are fair; the requirements are clearly spelled out. the material isn't hard, if you learn it you will get an a.", 'great prof!', "his stories are hilarious. especially the ones about 'software kills'", "great professor! speaks very clearly and gives real-world examples to some fairly complicated subject matter. all assignments are very reasonable, and nel always gives ample time for completion. a grade 'a' teacher for sure!"]
['this professor is the best professor that i have ever met, who cares so much about his students, always makes sure that we understand everything, always encourages us and inspires us to work hard, and always helps us...', 'explain material clearly and slowly. but always asks you to read the notes when you ask him questions, even though the notes doesnot make any sense.', 'nice and smart prof.', 'pretty good teacher, but the material is pretty tough. no part marks makes it very tough.', "it's somewhat torturous stuff to get through, but he keeps a decent sense of gallows humour throughout. good online notes, if you're looking to skimp on the textbook.", 'excellent - explains everything clearly - exams test your basic knowledge while the assignments make you think - perfect combination!!!', 'will expect a lot out of you in terms of assignment difficultly and frequency, and for exams. teaches very well though, and does his best to improve marks (best x of y assigns taken, made final easier after a hard midterm) take this prof to learn, but be ready for a busy workload. clear in class but still might have to look for online material', 'he is a good teacher, but this course is hard no matter who teaches it.', "he's kind and concerned about how well the students do. he's always prepared, and knows the material like the back of his hand. he's also willing to admit when he doesn't happen know an answer off the top of his head. rock on!", 'amazing prof, one of the few keeping the standards up in computer science. sometimes a bit hard to keep up taking notes in his class but overall very good at explaining material that most people find difficult.', 'he is the best', 'great prof. teaches a tough course really well. jokes at times. explains concepts and asks repetedly whether it is understood.', "he's a very good lecturer, but his tests and assignments are very difficult. if you end up taking comp 4804 with him, be prepare to struggle and use all the resources (office hours etc) available to you.", 'a great prof! he shows he cares about his students and that they are learning in his classes. he explains things well and goes at a great pace.', 'took 3801 algos for modern data sets. very interesting course but is tough to wrap your head around, math and theory course. fantastic prof though &amp; funny stories too. delivers info very clearly and always asks if anyone is lost. be prepared to put in time outside the class room. reading is a must. this type of course is not for everyone. cool tho', 'if you can take a class with anil, i highly recommend it. he teaches based on things he thinks are relevant to the real-world. his exams are tough though and you really need to go to office hours or focus during class to understand the material. he provides a free book which basically is his notes for the class, which is super helpful.', 'very good prof teaches stuff from the textbook but is really clear on everything he says. the only word i can say about him is "bale" which means very good bale!', 'good prof, but tries too hard to get class to participate (for a morning class).', 'very good course, well taught', 'fun course and all inclusive course', 'the course notes are pretty good overall but it would be nice to see more examples with solutions. overall a good prof to have for some pretty difficult material. (lots of new concepts to get used to)', "he's not as bad of a proff as most people are saying. i took discret 2 with him, and the material the way he taught it, made it quite easy and understandable. sometimes it's unclear but he is helpfull if you ask questions or ask for re-explainations. tough exams though, fair if you know the stuff", "he's ok. i took o/s course with him, which is not exactly the easiest topic, but he made it clearer. it's hard sometimes to understand what he says though.", "easy to understand and teaches well, but he marks insanely hard and rarely gives part marks. don't make mistakes in this course, it costs you big time.", 'great man.', 'very difficult class but he shows you everything you need to know in the lectures- so pay attention! assignments were difficult and the exams were very difficult- the final was insane', "hardest 3804 prof at carleton, but also the best. if you value really learning something and going into depth, he's the way to go. it is tough though. if you're a scrub you can complain i guess.", 'explains his stuff better than any other prof makes it simple', 'a great professor who teaches very good material and is easy to understand', "great prof, he expects a little much from students but he's a good guy. assignments are reasonable but so was the midterm... if we would have had like 3 times as much time! overall i'd recommend him.", 'he is most talent professor, always give example orientate example, which is help to understand big data in death level.', 'anil delivers amazing lectures. also provides both his notes online as well as another free textbook to use as reference. assignments were challenging but doable. midterm/exam were fair.', 'very nice prof']
['one of the best profs i have ever had. easy lectures, funny , respected , helpfull and very inspirational.', "very passionate, clear in his explanations, an overall joy to have. if you are new to programming the class might be difficult, but if you attend the lectures and especially the tutorials (plus a bit of self teaching - it's computer science after all), you should be able to easily pass with a good grade. take as many classes as you can with robert.", "excellent prof, excellent lectures, very inspiring, and all around nice guy. tests aren't too difficult, assignments are a kinda hard but very fun. tests are not as hard though. pick this guy if you want an awesome prof.", 'i really enjoyed his class! the final exam, tests and tutorials were fair and reflected what was done in class. the assignments were a lot tougher and really required lots of googling at times to figure out what was going on, but i did appreciate the challenge and it didnt end up hurting my mark too much.', 'awesome and likeable character.', "had robert collier for data structures in second year, ta'd for him the subsequent semester for comp 1005, and have him now for comp 3007. he's one of the few profs in the cs department who cares about the quality of his teaching. i remember second year, when an assignment was a bit ambiguous, he was in the labs at 10pm with students clarifying it.", "decent prof that's nice and approachable. assignments aren't too difficult, though it's easy to lose marks if you don't read the instructions carefully. also, if you're a rick and morty fan, keep an eye out during lectures for the profile picture on his computer.", 'great teacher so work hard and you will be rewarded.', "he is a great professor who is clearly passionate with what he's teaching. he actually takes the time to ensure that he carries most people along during lectures. the only problem is that the assignments are numerous and are often much more difficult than the examples covered in class . still a great professor though.", "he's a respected prof that really knows his stuff. be prepared to do a lot of self teaching as his slides are detailed, but not very relevant (almost too detailed). gives bonus marks on assignments, and gives examples of tests so you know what to focus on. btw, there is a good chunk of prolog on final, so be ready for it (use 99 prolog questions).", "you'll have to work hard but he's a great teacher and just about always has an answer to student questions. assignments can get pretty tough but they're fair and tie-in to appropriate lecture material.", "i came in with no programming background and found him and his course very fair and a great intro to programming, although the tutorials were far too hard sometimes. as long as you do the readings, practice questions, start assignments early, and seek help when you need it, you'll get an a+. would definitely recommend him for comp1405.", 'great guy. good sense of humour and he knows his stuff.', 'robert is clearly very knowledgeable in his field (programming). he answers questions clearly and competently. the tests are not overly difficult, however the main difficulty in the course were the assignments, which can be very difficult for someone who has never programmed before. if you are a compsci major, then robert is a good preparatory prof', 'robert is awesome. he is super nice and the lecture is not boring at all. the quizzes and assignments are not hard. robert is really really good.', 'best prof of all time, trust me, he is amazing. his teaching is interesting, assignment is not simple but specifications are very clear, he is very helpful when you ask him questions after lecture or at his office hour or via email. he responds emails very quickly as well. sample tests are basically the same as the actual test. would take again!!!!', 'he genuinely loves computer science, and you can see that in his interesting lectures (also computer games of all sorts in this case). tests and assignments are graded fairly, although may take a long time to be given back to you. overall my favourite professor this year!', "great prof and person, really enjoyed his class. slides are well done and very helpful if can't make the class", 'robert is my boy', "overall a very good professor, good speaker and prepared for lectures, test weren't difficult. end of the course felt a little rushed is my only complaint", "until now he is the best professor in carleton for me, i've taken 1805/1501/1405 with him and his teaching methods are just the best, the assignments have clear instructions, gives you samples for the quizzes and answers your emails very fast. whenever i see him teaching one of my required courses i will always register for his class.", 'best prof in the world', 'difficult course, but dr. bob (nobody actually calls him that) is a shining light. the material is difficult, but the prof is a master. he will shuffle the schedule, assignment deadlines, tests, just to make sure that all his students are on track. he is witty and congenial, has great respect for his students, and he ensures fairness in the course', 'overall good prof. a lot of the complaints he got was for comp 2402. he was forced to structure the course the same way jason hineck was teaching his section. hes a good prof if he can teach it his way.', 'although the material is hard, he shuffles due dates and test dates to make sure students understand material. a very nice person in general, funny at times, and you can tell he loves what he does! make sure to attend lectures when possible, and get help if you miss one.', 'great prof, organized, not boring. only thing i would improve is the readability of his assignments.', "awesome prof! and great lectures! he is really passionate about computer science and encourages asking questions. his tests and assignments were fair (not easy a and not impossible a) and you'll see that only if you attended class regularly and have done your assignments on your own ( i also recommend going to ta office hours if you need help) .", "collier is a legendary prof. easily my favourite professor i've had through first year. his passion for teaching and computer science comes across quite clearly in all his lectures. he's incredibly reasonable with all his deadlines and marking schemes. he lays out everything you need to do well.", 'had collier for 1405 and 1805. pretty boring, pretty overhyped. overall good though!', 'keeps you interested and teaches well.', "robert was one of the best profs in computer science, i took 2 courses with him, got a+ in both of them and taed one of them. if you have a chance to take any course with him do it. his lecture notes are more than enough to study from. it's better if you actually attend the lectures.", "he likes to joke around with his students and takes time to cover all questions people ask. he also pushed back assignment dates if we hadn't covered the material to that point.", "seems to want everyone to do well. will go way off topic to answer almost any question in lectures. graded by tas so he's very open to appeals if you did better than what was graded. strict marking scheme so if you follow the instructions exactly 100% guaranteed, easy to lose marks if you do anything different though. if you can program 90% easy", "great prof. really into the material. don't be afraid to ask him to clarify any concepts as he is new to this school and really does not know what has and what has not been taught. lectures are really interesting with a lot of good demos. if you have any doubts don't be afraid to go see him in office hours as really helps to clear things up.", 'a mandatory course for my degree. overall, you can tell that this prof. thoroughly enjoys what he teaches (lives and breathes computer science). however, the amount of material required for a "beginners/intro" level course was great and much work was required to feel caught up to computer science degree students taking the course for their 1st year', "the best professor i've ever had in carleton u.", 'dude genuinely loves computer science and it shows.', 'unbeleivably accommodating and an excellent lecturer']
['the best prof ever have, easy test but hard assignment.', 'pretty easy, exams are fair and dont require to study much', "he's very good in probability and such stuff required for teaching data structures. his assignments have a whiff of geometry in them, which makes it exciting. the teaching is precise, the guy is a good man, but he should smile more often !!", "refreshing passionate about the topics he teaches. his courses aren't easy, but they're manageable, and he's a reasonable person. best prof i've had this year.", 'this was a really fun, relaxing class. the only reason i never went was because half the students wear perfume. pat gives clear notes and examples that are pertinent to the course material. assignments are always based on course material. as someone who only started programming for this course, python has never felt more possible.', "extremely organized, every lecture is started and finished on time. very knowledgable, and it comes through in his teaching style. makes getting an a easy if you pull your weight and do your work. takes time to answer questions in class, and doesn't hesitate to repeat a concept if you don't get it the first time around.", 'pretty good prof. assignments can be long and sometimes hard. not the easiest grader, but fair. easy to understand, and explains ideas very well.', "pat is one of the few professors that make me feel like i'm getting my money's worth in university. he treats us with respect,t which is more than i can say for a lot of my professors. he's more helpful for 2402, as algorithms are his expertise and clearly his passion. he explains clearly and makes it possible to get good grades in a tough course.", 'he posts all his lectures on youtube which makes things really easy. if you sleep in just watch the lecture later!', "don't underestimate the assignments or you'll fall behind!", 'also had him for 1405, and attended many of his talks. great guy', 'he basically just programs in front of the class and asks students what his next step should be. he also posts all the code he writes in class online.', "great prof! pat can communicate complicated data structures in a way that is clear and easily understandable. the fact that you can resubmit your assignments and have access to help from t.a's throughout the week is a huge advantage. highly recommended.", 'great! thanks for making the course better than i thought it would be!', 'very great, i have nothing but kind words for him.', 'very good prof, knows his stuff.', 'great guy. he wrote the textbook himself and made it freely available online, which shows that he genuinely cares about giving students a good education. assignments can be tough though. prepare to work hard!', "he wants you to succeed but makes it very tough to. the weekly work is too much and we're left to rely on google 95% of the time. the tas even say that our assignments are as as hard as their 2nd year ones and some don't know how solve some of the problems, so how are we expected to? the tas agree that this course is a lot harder than it should be.", "always looked forward to his class. he is extremely knowledgeable and doesn't just read off lecture slides like some other profs.", "best prof i've had at carleton. he makes a tough subject fun. his lectures are on point, i really recommend everyone to attend. also, the course textbook is free and just as clear as his lectures. i learned a lot from his class. it wasn't easy, and it was a bit of work. but it was very enjoyable and rewarding.", "great proffesor. by far the best i've had here so far", "awesome at lecturing. lectures are on youtube which was a blessing, especially if you don't attend class. assignments were tough but fair. tests not too hard.", "he's teaching style might not make the material easy to understand for students who have no previous programming experience. he's assignments are sometimes challenging, which is good or bad depending on your perspective. lectures are uploaded onto youtube which is very helpful. i enjoyed his classes a lot!", 'pat is a good guy and explains the class content very well. some of the assignments are really tough whereas others were easy enough. the midterm was basically a repeat of the sample one he put up which was cool of him. his interest in what he does really shows and he is a super cool dude', 'his assignment load is heavy due to 1 per week, but he actually takes the time to do similar examples in class lecture to help us out. the midterm and exams are pretty straight foward.. if you did your studying.', 'this class was great.#1 free textbook... #2 assignments are marked by a computer and you can resubmit and get a mark mutiple times (no excuse not getting an a+) #3 there are tas ready to help 4 days a week 10 from 10am to 4pm (again no excuse not gettin a a+). the content present is extremely important if you want to be a serious programmer.', 'great prof, has a well organized web site and easily extends assignment deadlines when asked.', 'pat is a wonderful professor. making 2d python games is extremely engaging and has never been easier. he gives clear, useful examples in class that make assignments a breeze. he always responds to emails the minute you send them. such a bird course!', 'you could probably pass this course without going to class. the textbook is fantastic and its free online, he also includes previous years lectures.', "he teaches a tough subject with clarity and is extremely respectful and laid back with his students. however don't confuse this with easiness, as he provides difficult assignments and makes you work for your grade. he records his lectures with his a personal video camera, providing the lecture videos for free, and uses a free open source textbook.", '-hard mid-terms, exams and asssignments -makes up his own stuff -study the same courses offered in mit and u will do fine.']
['fantastic prof but tough material. he is very knowledgable about the subject but he teaches principles through examples so get ready to do some of the work yourself on assignments and going to tas is pretty much a given. great prof tho and very fair and quickly replies to emails.', 'great lecturer, great textbook written by him. assignments and tests fair. you can survive with just the textbook and skipping class.', "assignments were a little tricky, but otherwise pretty easy. smart guy, extremely systematic and rigourous. focused on big picture. best cs prof i've ever had.", 'very easy to understand, makes everything easier, really good notes', "make sure to show up to class otherwise you won't do so good. the textbook is honestly useless, its vague and doesn't explain things very well. the textbook was written in such a way that its supplementary to the lecture notes, not vice versa. otherwise michiel is a good prof and provides all his previous midterms/assignments to students to study", 'excellent professor. provides help if you need it, and does a good job at breaking down difficult concepts', 'he repeats the content of the course directly from the book. his examples are from it as well. good for one-on-one questions affter class.', 'not a bad teacher, sometimes unclear, but responds well to questions', "i honestly don't think people appreciate this guy until they've taken a course with someone else. you're not going to find someone better at teaching this material. he's a little boring, but he teaches you all the important material in a way that anybody can understand. i highly recommend him.", 'awesome proffessor, i will see him in 2805', "algorithm sure is not an easy course. but he is the kindest prof i've ever seen. he is always happy to answer questions, although that cost him one extra hour.", "really hard course. you get it or you don't. smid's a good guy though, but for this course you're on your own, it's just hard to teach people this stuff.", "great professor - he's a great lecturer and is very thorough with his explanations. attending his class is almost a must if you can't grasp the material by yourself. i found the assignments to be hard but the exams weren't too bad if you studied previous ones (he posts all of them)", "i initially hated this course but you'll realize how important it is to computer science. its a tough course so ask dr. smid for help. if he sees you putting the effort he'll literally show you how to solve the problems. he's basically a knowledgeable grandfather, the issue is class size you must speak up. he doesn't know who is struggling.", 'really good prof. good explanation. if you make notes in class you definitely do not have to by a book. if you come to his office hours he will help a lot and explain everything.', 'a good prof', 'clear, precise, thorough. amazing hand-written notes with lots of examples. smid makes a good grade in a hard course seem perfectly attainable.', 'will explain stuff again and again until you get it,not a bad prof,a little hard', 'amazing!', "clear & thorough. slight accent can be humorous. had very good ta's. don't need the textbook.", "he kick's ass", 'very thorough prof -- maybe too thorough for 285, but would be good for 384/484', "one of the best professors here; his teaching style exhibits that all-to-rare quality of being very precise, extremely thorough, and yet somehow not boring or coma-inducing. you really feel like you know something you didn't know before when you finish. his penchant for early morning classes result in his lectures being criminally under-attended", 'awesome prof, amazing lecture.', "professor smid is excellent at providing and explaining the material, but you have to go to class to understand it. reading his free book is good to understand what he says in class but it's not enough to study solely on that. assignments are challenging but going to ta office hours really helps. all his past exams and assignments online.", 'very clear and concise teaching style. classes are amazing, although you can learn most of the stuff from his notes. goes through everything nice and slow so no-one is left behind. extremely helpful when you ask for it during his office hours.', "if you don't understand anything see smid immediately during his office hours, hardly anyone does. assignments can be tough but there not worth much, so don't fret if you do badly. learn and do well on the midterm and final. the ta's are helpful, specifically alexa. if your close to a pass/fail smid is more likely to try to pass you then fail you.", "awesome prof! i didn't go to many of his lectures but his clarity in what was needed to pass and expected of students is unparalleled. i got told he replaces the exam with the midterm, not true. hence the a- :)", "i had him for my &quot;theory of computation&quot; class as well as my comp1805 class. he's a really good prof, and his accent isn't so bad (in fact i think it improves the teaching experience lol). he teaches stuff in a nice and slow way to make sure everyone understands and gives enough examples. recommended prof", 'he is simply the best prof for these classes. he will teach you what you need to know in a very easy and understanding way. highly recommended! a+++', "gave a clear note. but i don't like the course that he teach", "if you plan on a part-time semester, this is a perfect course to squeeze in as it's very time demanding. for notes: copy his chalkboard work during lectures. grade is based on 4 assignments + midterm + final. ta hours are crucial to solving assignments. midterm and final very similar to past ones which he posts + their solutions: best way to study.", 'amazing', "he simplifies a tough subject and provides a comprehensive, detailed and structured outline of what he's going to teach in each class, ahead of time. he's helped write 3 books (one of which is the course textbook, which he provides for free) and has helped author about 200 journal articles and conference papers. approachable and helpful. 1010.", "the class itself was excellent. his notes and lectures were clear and he gave plenty of examples. unfortunately the final sucked. otherwise, i'd take another course with him.", 'fantastic professor, hard course. you could probably get away with just using the textbook. he writes the textbook and teaches out of it, but you should go to hear his explanation.', 'michiel smid is very good at explaining things. his assignments are hard, going to ta office hours of his office hours is pretty much necessary unless you are really good at math-based courses. a tutorial in 2804 would be nice to have. also, he is quite a funny guy.', 'good prof, assignments and classes are easy but the exam was insane, nothing like assignments']
['not too hard, not too easy, however does his best to help students out. he even teaches the tutorials!!!! and is generally pretty comical in class!', 'not an easy class, but definately would often go out of his way to help students out, even started to do his own tutorials, very nice guy too. just make sure to follow his rules.', "awesome dude. he taught the hardest 1st-year comp-sci course and made it relatively fun. he's got some hilarious stories, and let us order pizza for the last class. i've heard later-year students saying how cool he is too.", "probably one of the best profs i've had. he's extremely passionate about the things he's teaching, and he explains the concepts very well. the course is still extremely hard though, and you have to attend his lectures. i missed 1 lecture and i was completely lost for a week. he tries to help out students as much as he can, holds many review classes", "hard class, he's a helpful guy, he'll try to help you out, but he makes the assignments and tests really hard", "really nice guy. i found his tests to be simple since he gives you practice tests very similar to the tests. the assignments are challenging, but you can get a good mark if you start at the right time and don't leave it till the last night. you'll do good in his class if you try just a bit.", 'his tests and assignments are hard. great prof for those who want to learn. not for the lazy ****s looking to breez through university without any effort.', 'hard course, tries to help students learn it', 'great guy, really outgoing and relates to the students. the class is tough though, including the tests and the assignments, but he tries to help as much as possible.', "awesome prof, very clear in class and knows his stuff. assignments weren't too difficult but there was a lot of them.", 'hilly recommended prof. not an easy course , but jit is the best person to teach it. he can explain discrete math in a way anyone can understand. try taking it with jason hineck then tell me the difference. since discrete math has a little bit of calculus and algebra, jits has made it easy for me to understand math 1007 and math 1007.', 'great prof. funny and smart. assignments were relatively difficult while tests were much easier. he posts notes online which are handwritten and can be difficult to read from time to time. exam was multiple choice. no textbook required.', "he's a fair teacher, willing to explain and very friendly.", 'best teacher i have ever had. keep it up, it was a great course, regardless of how hard the course material was.', 'hard class, great prof', 'he was a very funny, laid back prof.', 'through out all my 4 years at carleton, i can truely say that prosenjit is the best proffessor i have ever had. he knows his stuff very well and has the unique ability to convey super complex material in a way that students can easily understand. it is very rare to encounter a proffessor as great as bose. we need more people like him to teach.', "love this guy. no way i'd go to these lectures if it weren't for him. as for the class itself, the tests are pretty easy and worth the bulk of the mark. the assignments are a lot harder but not worth as much.", "class isn't easy, assignments were incredibly hard and the tas have way to much control over what mark you can get, class is kind of boring but he's a decent prof and a funny guy. the material is definitely tough, and tas can screw you over if they don't like you.", 'one of the best comp prof! i wish i took the comp 3804 with him as well.', 'amazing prof. one of the most helpful/friendly/clear i had. definately one of my favourites. answers questions thoroughly and with clarity. can take a hard subject and make it fun. very fun/entertaining to listen to - you will not fall asleep in class! very down to earth - easy to talk to. says &quot;uhhh..&quot; a lot, haha! great prof all-round!', 'amazing prof. the course material is hard, but he teaches it very well and solicits feedback from students to improve his teaching style. he is always open to explain lecture material and go over assignments outside of class as well.', 'he is agreat teacher like dandamodi and wexuan li .. he is not like many cattle and half learners in carleton who try to appear like or to behave like readers ..', "there are a few teachers in people's lives who really leave an impact, prosenjit bose is one of them. not only is he an expert in his field, he truly cares about the learning his students receive. he goes above and beyond his usual office hours to make sure that you as a student gain a deep understanding of the material.", 'ok, i took this class for a second time since my first attempt ended in disaster :p needless to say, prof bose expects alot on assignments, tests and the final, but he actually teaches you!!! this is a rare thing in comp sci! nice guy, great lectures, but make sure you do tutorials *hint*.', 'one of the best profs at carleton. really knows how to teach and you can tell he has a passion for it. 3804 is a difficult course, but he really tries to make it as simple as he can. really wish other profs could be like him. thanks for a good semester!', 'tests are too hard', 'he is the best teacher in the world', 'good teacher clear lecture', "attend those lectures because they are worth every penny. it's hard material to follow but he's an expert in the field and is always willing to explain everything. his office hours are golden. try to take every course he teaches because you will be thoroughly rewarded.", "jit is an excellent professor and he's very keen to help all students. he will also make you enjoy comp/math 1805 if you're lucky enough to get him as a prof. i strongly recommend you attend as many tutorials as you possibly can because the ta's have a lot more time to go through everything with you then the time allocated to each topic in class.", 'every computer science student should be taking comp 4804. jit is legitimately interested in what he teaches in this course, which makes lectures much more bearable than reading notes on your own. not a walk in the park, but far from impossible. learned tonnes, had lots of fun, recommended fo shiz', "he knows his stuff, and he's good at explaining it. very approachable -- if you don't understand something, you can just ask him.", 'amasing first year proff..... he makes the most difficult courses not only easier, but also interesting. well done jit.', 'awesome prof! makes early morning classes fun. often telling jokes in class to help make the content more interesting. knows his stuff really well. often helps out on forums and often moved test dates and assignment deadlines around too. even provided extra tutorials out of his own time to help the students grasp the harder concepts, best prof!', 'really cares about you learning the material.', 'very good teacher,i like his class', 'good prof', 'one of my favorite professors. he explains things very well in lecture, so i suggest attending class while it is not mandatory. he is extremely helpful if you attend office hours. finally, he provides sufficient resources such as a textbook and practice problems which are free online. good sense of humor, and ultimately an amazing prof.', "very funny, friendly, and great at teaching. tests are pretty easy, but assignments can be tough. overall though you'll do well if you attend the lectures (which you'll want to, since this guy is awesome)", 'class was useless, stupid, boring. the only reason i went was cause bose is cool, more like one of us than a stuck up computer science prof like most of the comp sci department.', 'really nice guy.', 'we brought a first year student into a 4th year algorithms course for the first few lectures. jit teaches so well, our first year was keeping up, answering questions, and understanding. he makes hard topics obvious. go out of your way to take this professor.', 'a laid-back, honest and helpful professor. his lectures help to alleviate the difficulty associated with the course. some improvements i would like to see are clearer hand-writing, and perhaps a bit more detail on the notes. otherwise, a good prof.']
['best prof for comp sci possible, the material of this class is very easy to someone who has been programming for while but i still show up just because this prof is so good, and also entertaining. if i could have him as a prof for every single comp sci course, i definitely would.', 'all around great prof! solid guy, clear lecture slides, knows what he teaches, very accessible. he even gets assignment grades back to you promptly!', 'arts students : take comp 1001 with him for the easiest science elective possible.', 'great teacher, fun time, always learning', 'very good prof. humorous and funny. make difficult cs knowledge easy to understand. upload all useful materials for students. e.x. pdf of textbook. ppt of class. notes. recording of class. clear and fun assignments.', "i feel bad for never going to class but he's the mvp for uploading all his lectures online. i suck at programming and kind of struggled in comp1006 but that's my fault for not keeping up with the material. nonethless, he's an excellent prof with a caring personality, and his assignments are always crystal clear. would definitely take again.", 'nice guy.', "best professor i've ever had. i will miss dave so much! so accessible i literally cannot believe it to this day!", 'great guy.', "my fave class this semester because of what a legend mckenney is. showing up to a 10 am class was never better, he's personable, funny, and makes learning fun. :)", 'dave is the professor you will remember after finishing university due to the care and effort he puts into each and every lecture. he goes out of his way to make sure students succeed, maintaining constant communication even when he is not required to. he explains computer science in a way that even beginners can become advanced by the end.', 'best prof ive ever had- funny, and genuinely cares about his students success. will answer any questions you have in or outside of class, fairly quickly too! he teaches the course material in the most basic way possible, and if youve never coded before you might find it difficult, but if you do all tutorial qs and follow along youll be fine!', "awesome professor. would want to take this guy for every computer science class i'd ever take. very funny during the lectures but still holds an air of seriousness about him. always very helpful and ensures that the material is very thoroughly understood. cares very much for the students in his lectures and would recommend to everyone every time.", 'great prof, is easier to approach than 99% all the other profs.', "if you are not a computer science major but need to take this class as an elective, dave is the prof for you. as the commenter said below, dave teaches his class so everyone can understand the material. plus he's hilarious, and very approachable, and accommodating. you have to put in the effort but dave goes the extra mile to help you succeed.", "i came into this course knowing nothing about computer science. any nerves that i had were quickly diminished by dave's incredible teaching style and personality. he teaches on the assumption that you know nothing about computers. he starts from the ground up, and slowly goes through everything so everyone can understand, not just the compsci kids", 'there is not a single professor better than dave. funny, thorough, extremely accessible and a great lecturer!', "great class, prof records all the lectures and posts then on culearn, so if you didn't understand something you can go back and rewatch it.", 'great guy, if you have experience coding, this class is a breeze, if not, as long as you actually try its pretty easy.', 'gives tons of material that you can use and is always of great help. injects light humour in his lectures.', "i took this class the first time he ever officially taught, about 3 years ago. the man legit was hilarious and always available to ask for help or for random questions outside of class. i've since emailed him a couple times asking for advice and for other such stuff and he's taken time out to email me back with advice and such! awesome prof!", 'all round good guy, very accessible out of class, especially if you join the class discord :)', 'professor david is one of the best professors i ever took a course with. he posted all his lectures online, was very responsive and accessible, very caring and understanding. if you put in the effort, you will definitely pass his class.', 'this prof is amazing. i went into the semester hardly knowing how to use a computer and now i can write code with python. he seems like a very chill down to earth kind of guy who really wants to see his students succeed. i went into his office hours once for help and he was more than happy to assist. he hilarious af and will make an awful class ok!', "he is a really good professor. he clarifies concepts really well when asked in class, he's pretty funny, and just overall a nice guy. one thing i want to point out is that the tutorial problem seems more difficult than the assignments themselves, but that's just my opinion. (but don't worry the tutorial is nothing to worry about)", 'awesome prof']
["biggest bro of a prof. take anything he offers and you won't regret it.", "very informative, inspires me to stop using proprietary software and utilize the wonders that is gnu/linux os. if you have the option of taking this course, please don't hesitate for a second and choose it. you will not regret it.", "great prof, improvises during lectures but always very clear. bring laptops to class and code during lectures. no trick questions on exams and assignments are easy if you've learned the required material.", 'great teacher! and just knows what hes doing', 'anil is great. he made me love gnu/linux.', 'the course requires a lot of work but you will learn a lot. he does his best to make it interesting and the assignments and exam were fair. he also gives you lots of chances like bonus marks for taking notes as well as replacing your midterm if you do better on the final.', "where to begin. it is unfortunate that carleton forces students to take this course as part of the computer science degree. the main problems with this course are: 1) the course is new (content hasn't been flushed out). 2) the instructor is very lazy and comes to class without being prepared.", 'amazing prof ! the course is not easy but he makes everything clearer. he is always willing to help you until you do good in the course and actually learn something. best prof i ever had.', "anil#1! easy prof to talk to and get help from. lectures are easy to follow and attendance isn't necessary (he video records every lecture too). prof wants you to learn and wants students to do well, he makes sure grades come secondary to learning. 10/10, highly recommend any course with anil!", 'really interesting speaker, and helps out in labs. i like him!', "don't let the name scare you, he's american, speaks english, is good at getting the material across, answers your e-mails helpfully, and is a pushover for giving assignment extensions when the class asks him to. be warned, though: he likes to give term papers in place of lab work for comp courses.", 'excellent prof and very nice guy. he teaches very well and has very fair tests and assignments. i recommend to anyone.', "funny guy, knows his stuff. true geek. tries to be helpful, but the course tries to cover so much material that he doesn't have time to explain everything. gives you many chances to get extra marks (assignments have bonus parts). course is a piece of cake if you've done webdev before. take it with him if you have a choice.", 'only prof ever to answer emails at 3am. a very fair marker, and makes class very interesting to attend. if only the rest of the profs at cs were like this...', "nice guy, easy class. when he says he likes to reuse exam questions he isn't kidding. seriously, check his wiki for old exams, actually do your assignments. easy.", 'i loved this professor. very humble and intelligent. i am a 15 year experienced webmaster and i still managed to learn something new everyday and found i was excited to attend lectures and never wanted to miss a class. anil you are awesome!', "really great guy. yes, the term paper was a bit of a surprise but you're gonna need to be able to write term papers if you make it past 3rd year anyways so it can't hurt to get some practice. lectures are also very good. you'll actually learn stuff if you just show up to class.", 'perfect professor. really easy going and very helpful. takes time to explain the subject. would love to take another course by him. highly reccommend.', 'anil is one of the better profs in the department definitely a rising star. you can tell he actually does this outside of class time. the only fault i can find with anil is his lectures tend to be open like mic night or improv without any solid structure, so you must go to class.', "best class i have ever taken. he takes about very interesting things! go to class and don't miss what he has to say.", "thought os would be difficult, but anil is an amazing teacher. makes early morning lectures worth going to. didn't even need the textbook. don't take os with anyone else."]
['good professor. made material clear and understandable for the most part. took the time to answer the questions that students had and revisited the material if needed. would recommend taking course with him. just beware he has a habit of writing small and will erase notes from the board even very quickly.2nd half of the sem teaching was incomplete.', 'he is an awesome teacher and knows the material very well. but he is not punctual at all. he sent tas to our class 5 times!!!!the final exam was multiple choice and full of mistakes, but he helped us alot during the exam.assignments were fair and challenging.', 'funny funny man, knows what he is talking about, and teaches well!', "very fair prof. make sure you go to all the lectures because he doesn't post any notes online, and every single lecture is crucial. he has a very fun way of teaching, as he's very motivated in imparting the material to his students. go to the tas for help for the assignments! free online textbook!", 'very passionate about the material he teaches and he is very nice. you will like his courses.', 'this is the best prof i have ever had. awesome person in and out of class time. always helpful and full of knowledge.', "the final exam was an absolute joke - not that i'm complaining. he is an excellent teacher, although a bit slow at times.", "very enthusiastic and passionate about his material. his class is still full, and gives assignments that help you understand the content even better. showing up for his class is a must though, because if you miss something it's difficult to get back on track because of the material. if you liked jit bose for 1805 you'll like him. best prof ever!", 'best prof ever! if every course should be taught by him. his classes are very interesting - no one skips them or falls asleep. he makes this boring material interesting. his assignments/tests are fair.', "he's really friendly and easy to talk to. make sure you study for the exams and start your assignments early. they can be tricky.", 'really nice man!', "only one thing can describe his courses: they're just a game. da da da da da. very nice professor who cares about the students. go to class and you'll get an a.", 'makaes your life easy']
['comp 1805 is the bane of first year computer science students. the content is difficult, but mandatory. however, john delivers the content in such a way that the course is definitely doable. he gives every possible resource to students, including good office hours, all lectures posted online, practice tests, and is very friendly.', 'my best prof so far, he even helped me through another one of my classes! thanks john.', 'the most amazing thing was about this course is that he is posting his lecturer on culearn and youtube in order to understand the concepts. i highly recommended to take this course with him. his tests were not that hard. he gives sample test in advance and it is similar to it. great prof so far for this course.', 'show up to class and listen and he makes super hard subjects very do-able.', "john teaches one of the toughest courses i've ever enrolled in, yet answers all questions instantly and concisely without even needing to think about it. he knows his topic well and is always willing to help, which is good, because you'll certainly need every bit of help you can possibly get.", 'nice and good prof to have. easy tests, easy assignments! he makes the course easier.', 'john was the best teacher of my last semester. he easy very clear in his explanations and always answers any question. he also writes almost everything he says in the class and posts on culearn (even he does this, go to his class because some examples that he teaches in class will appear on assignments and quizes).', "as long as you do the assignments for this class you can get a good mark. he held extra office hours before each assignment was due and would help with anything. i went into this with no computer experience and i'm really glad he was my prof, i'm sure i would've done badly if it weren't for all the help he offered. definitely the best prof!", 'great professor. very clear and is avid to hear questions or comments during lectures. his notes are very useful but can be a tad difficult to read his handwriting sometimes. try to follow along and code during lectures. definitely helps absorbing the material.', "best professor i'ver had.", "i loved how he posted his lectures on youtube, since he talks kind of slow, so i watched on 2x speed. he also uses a surface pro as a visual and posts everything he does on it. he's a really knowledgeable prof and you can tell he's made the effort to prepare perfect lectures, with just the right amount of examples for the content.", 'an amazing prof', "he is really patient and does not intimidate or patronize when students ask him questions. he is very helpful and easy going. going to classes definitely help. i'd recommend him to everyone especially if you're new to computer science.", "great teacher, he responds to your questions and emails instantaneously sometimes within minutes. discrete math isn't an easy subject, but he's there for you and will make and effort for you if you do. highly recommended prof, carleton would be foolish to lose him.", 'excellent professor who is very clearly passionate about his subject matter. knows his stuff very well and explains difficult concepts clearly and concisely. his assignments are fair and he gives very generous hints for the tests. i have heard from others that you will most likely fail this course if you do not have john howat.', 'john is a professor who clearly loves to teach. he is passionate about his field and makes difficult concepts easy to understand for others. if you are given the choice to choose john over another professor, i highly recommend you give john a shot.', 'pretty good teacher, however his lectures were kind of dry... not much enthusiasm and basically all you can do (since all of it is coding) is follow along on your computer and type what he types. very helpful though, i emailed him numerous times throughout the semester and he got back to me within the hour at the most, with very clear answers.', 'john howat is a younger prof who completes any logic question with robotic efficiency.', 'best prof. most of the courses he used to teach are now being taught by jason hinek and i can swear there is a big difference in marks.', "john is prob the only prof who can make this course easy. the sample tests are exactly like the tests and as long as you go to every single lecture (even though he posts notes online and the lecture as youtube videos) and pay attention you'll do great. :d"]
['why did he have to semi retire&#63;&#63; i wanna have him for gfx', "for comp3002 expect to spend 3+ hour sessions one to two times a week at his office hours if you want to finish all the assignments. the material is extremely difficult but he really puts in the time to make sure his students understand. very different from any other comp course but if you're willing to put in the time it's very rewarding.", 'very helpful, obviously loves the material, seems to expect a bit more out of students than other profs. gave us his home phone number in case we needed help!', 'long live the combover!', 'good teaching style but goes to quickly', 'great prof, really knows his stuff, but goes really really fast.', "brilliant man. very enthusiastic, moves through the material fast. great course to take if you're interested in the field. don't bother if you're looking for a class to sleep through.", "one of the few profs who says anything worth listening to. goes pretty fast, but that's how you get people to do their best work! probably the only prof i would actually want as a masters/phd advisor.", 'i love his courses -- get a good mark on the final project, nothing else matters', "great guy with great hair. one of the best profs i've had.", "good teacher, if you're taking this course, make sure you get lalonde, or you're screwed. 100% of grade based on final project, and he marks easy", 'the best cs prof in the faculty. this guy writes *real code* in class!', 'the best of the best']
["what a nice, nice guy. helpful but does sometimes get confusing so you will need to ask a lot. his slides are useless. textbook is useless, don't waste your money (like my friend did). class is fun and the assignment are easy and enjoyable. wish i can take him again.", 'an awesome prof took first year mobile course and he made me love it. took with him my honours project and he is very very helpful.', "great person and a great instructor. very helpful, funny, has a lot of interesting stories to tell. certainly knows his stuff, and if you are into these concepts, he's for sure your guy. i enjoyed every minute of this class. word of advice. find previous finals/midterms, they are always very similar.", 'the class was really interesting and fun to take. professor deugo really knows a lot about computer science and is very approachable and helpful. his classes were organized really well and they were very pertinent to the current mobile computing industry. the assignments were not hard and were all based on what we covered in class. great prof.', 'decent prof, but a twisted course - liked it better when he offered course notes', 'he is a great teacher. it is unfortunate that the material is completely useless to 99% of us. why they bother wasting our time and money is beyond me.', "dwight is one of the best at carleton. he has a great way of presenting the material that keeps you interested. assignments were not easy but they were doable and very relevant to the stuff he does in class. midterm was easy and very straightforward, final wasn't bad either. if you gonna take this course take it with him !", "doesn't use powerpoint, which for most people seems as a great advantage. i'd rather have slides. sometimes he jumps right into more advanced material, without explaining the basic concepts. in general, a great prof, knows his stuff really well. prepare to spend at least 10-14 hours on each of his assignments. exam was fair, tested mostly concepts.", "he knows his stuff, and how to teach it, listen in class and you'll do fine.", "what a great prof. the course material is a little weird at first, but he does really good lectures and the assignments are very fair. also, if you ask questions, he's pretty good at explaining stuff.", 'a nice professor try to make this course different with the others.', "not bad.. but ya, he's hardcore.. so know what your getting yourself into.."]
['one very boring prof but one very very easy going and helpful prof....never said no to anyone nor ever had this stuck attitude that most profs do ...she is one of the best ones...', 'good, helpful, and caring professor.', 'nice prof who helps if you ask. but, just reads the slides in class and is boring.', "i dunno what you guys are talking about saying she's not hot... whoaaaaa mama!", "professor dorina is very linear and helps you more than your expectation. she always spends time to clear student's doubts even outside office hours. she is very easygoing and caring professor and crystal clear while explaining in the class. she is also highly knowledgeable in her own field and never fails any students.", 'development of real time and distributed software is an easy course. everyone pass es the course. prof. helps you a lot in the project too. nice prof.', 'can be challenging. tries to help student pass if you ask. none of the see you next year because of som bull****. a reasonable professor.', 'great prof teaching intro course. pretty boring class. people skipping/sleaping', 'model driven development of real time & distributed software course is one of the toughest course. you wont understand that easily. the teacher is good but course is not easy. be careful to take that course.', 'one of the best prof of grad courses. she is easy going professor. worth taking her course. lectures are monotonous but she is one of the profs you help you beside her working hours as well']
["he's an excellent professor. he clearly takes his teaching responsibilities very seriously. he's always well-prepared, well-spoken, etc. this course was especially interesting; however, it's the most difficult course i've ever taken. lots of students dropped the course after the midterm. i think the midterm average was 58% or something like that.", 'nice professor, but a extremely hard course!', "the material is interesting in and of itself, and jean-lou's lectures make it even more interesting. he's organized, and unlike many profs, he cares about the quality of his lectures. i won't lie. it's a hard class.", 'a good professor in preparing material, and lecture is inspiring.', 'the lectures are amazing. one of the few courses that ur tuition fees are finally worthily paid out. he prepared well for his lectures and posted all his notes online. totally avavilable and attentive when u visit him during his office hours, but hes also a tough grader. plus, this algorithm class is never made easy.', "he's a great professor with vast knowledge on the topics of this course. the midterm was hard and so are the assignments but an extremely fair final. his notes are great and he gives out hints on what will be in the tests, so definitely do not miss the lectures."]
['best instructor at carleton', "one of the best prof's at carleton computer science especially for comp3004. he attended labs on the weekend to help the student!!!! i would take any class he teaches.", 'the best prof i ever had so far.', 'dave has sadly graduated and moved on from teaching, but he taught a pretty good comp 3004 class.', "do not take 304 with any other professor. this course will make you hurt and the only way you're going to get through it is if dave's teaching. one of the best profs i've had, hands down.", 'when i decided to take this course all my friends told that i am crazy (it was not required by my major). but dave made this course interesting. he explained everything very well. he was in lab during evenings and week-end to help student with the project. he is one of the best profs in the computer science. wish to take more courses with him.', "dave is a very good ta and instructor. he really knows his stuff. you can understand rose-rt better with his help. as a person, i feel he is very nice, patient and understanding. even though you are not doing very good in the class, you'll never feel so bad about yourself. i guess i could never let him know how much i really appreciate him.", 'highly recommend to take any course with this prof. actually tries very hard for to make students to understand the course. a little to brief on patterns, but in general very nice, kind and understandable professor.', 'dave is a superb instructor. very helpful and certainly knows his stuff. this comp 3101 course was for sure one of the most useful/interesting undergrad courses i have ever taken a this school.']
["trs bon prof, mais trs exigeant. les devoirs sont difficiles, mais les examens refltent exactement le contenu de ces devoirs, alors le travail n'est pas perdu !", 'course is much more difficult than iti 1120.', 'very nice professor. attend his lectures and simply listen to him. you do not need to take any notes, but go over his slides before attempting the assignments (tend to be a little difficult). prepare yourself for the midterm and final by doing the available past midterms and finals.', "great prof, assignments are tough, his midterm & exam are pretty good though. his labs are long and usually go the full 3 hours and are extremely boring his lectures aren't bad, people say he picks favourites but he really just picks people that will answer and normally it is the same people but if some one else puts their hand up he will pick them", "hot appearance absolutely. smart,charming,nice and cool. his assignments are kinda challenge with thoughtfulness. clear and interesting presentation that kept me awake. he answered my questions like a mind reader. all u can learned is not only about programming but also presentation skills. he is the best prof. i've ever seen!!!!!!!", 'if you find it difficult, i suggest to look at online material he offers (previous exams and lecture notes). other than that, no need to take notes during lectures!', 'very good. interested in making sure you understand.', 'marcel turcotte is a hero, a legend and a prodigy. not only is he an amazing professor but he is a programming legend. take this mans class to change your life...', 'i love that teacher.i mean , he gives lots of homework but the harder you work the better it is. lots of practice and all the information he gives make that course much better to understand and pass.', 'great prof, loves what he does and knows it very well. labs are extremely boring, assignments are challenging but they are great exercises. he loves to interact with his students.', "really nice guy and a good professor. does a good job lecturing, is animated, and takes time to answer questions inside and outside of class. exams and assignments were all very fair. the subject matter will always be hard for these courses, but when it comes to a prof he's about as good as it gets.", 'best coding professor you can ask for in university. his exams are a bit hard so you have to work for it, thats because he wants to make sure that every student who passes this course actually knows java. overall hilarious and friendly.', "assignments are extremely hard, especially the first one. the mandatory labs are long - you won't likely get to finish your work. marcel is an amazing lecturer. his greatest strength is making concepts very clear.he does pick his favorites.", 'great teacher but he doesnt go through the material quick enough (gets me bored).', 'great prof, i love his english! very helpful and nice. but the course is tough, just to remember these assignments every week... ouch..', 'really good prof lecture is clear highly recommended !', 'good prof, but hard course.', 'belittles students and has a tendency to expect far too much from a class with few months knowledge of programming. otherwise cares about the students. most assignments are fair, and exams are fair.', "great teacher. he's super motivated and interested and makes beautiful powerpoints to help you understand.", 'par dr.java tu veux dire... daniel&#63;&#63;', 'he is an excellent, dynamic lecturer who manages to make the subject matter engaging. the labs and the assignments are long and challenging. make sure you start working on your assignments well in advance. the midterm was fine, but the final exam was absolutely brutal. make sure you pay extra attention to the most difficult topics of the course.', "great prof. no need to take notes, just listen, he teaches in a way that makes all concepts easy to understand. assignments are very hard, but they're group projects and he gives you tons of time. if you're good a programming, you can learn the entire course through the assignments. overall great prof, would take again.", 'turcotte is teh****', 'brilliant professor! he is very knowledgeable and funny.', "i found the class very hard and the final really didn't help but he was really clear with his explanations, posts class recordings on brightspace, answers questions really thoroughly, midterm was easy, made the class fun with little jokes and even passed out candy once while teaching us about stacks. assignments take time, start early!!!", 'i wish all profs were as cool as this guy', 'omg, oui, il est super drle! anyway, very funny prof, well prepared classes - he tries really hard to explain everything in an understandable way, and usually succeeds. i would highly recommend him to anyone!', "he is a very good prof, knowledgeable and has a sense of humor. if you are looking for a supervisor, he is a good choice. it seems like he knows everything, and he will give you some useful guidance if you ask him questions. also, he's very kind. would definitely recommend him!", 'do prepare(like reading notes) before going to the lecture or else it would be quite difficult to understand what he say.', "excellent professor, he explains very well in class but be present. not tough grader at all and tas are really good. i did not have any experience in java prior to that class but after learning python, it's much easier to get into that object oriented perspective.", 'good knowledge of the material. he either goes deep into a topic or completely ignores it. exams were simple', 'very good prof. , clear explanations in/outside of class. friendly and very knowledgeable. i had no experience programming in java, and let me tell you this: go to/ watch his lectures and listen to what he tries to explain, do your assignments on your own (a big must) and you will have no problems getting an a in the course, let alone pass it.', "very nice prof, clear slides in class, lots of online resourses. i did not take down a single note in his classes, just attend and listen. do the many available past midterms/exams and you're good.", 'great prof, his lectures can be difficult to follow at times, but if you are willing to put the effort in, it is no issue. labs ans assignments are a fun challenge, nothing too difficult and they really help you master the material taught. he marked and returned our midterm on the same day it was written. really respected!', 'time goes fast in his class. he asked for long assignments .i like his method of teaching.i hope i can get a good mark in final :)', "good professor. has a decade's worth of old midterms and finals on his website. assignments can ramble on with a lot of background information but expectations are always listed clearly. very knowledgeable.", "best teacher i've had so far. the lectures are always clear and easy to follow, and he also posts all his notes ahead of time so you can prepare if you want. the homeworks and labs are all useful and really help improve your understanding, and the feedback is always useful. exams are easy to prepare for, and he has them all posted since like 2002.", 'prof well-paced, clear, very knowledgeable. walks you through the material. some assignments are tough, but you get a good amount of time and can work with someone else to complete. tests may get tricky. if you are new to programming, the course will be challenging and just showing up to class will not be enough. know your iti1120 material!']
['very good prof, cares about students.', 'great first class and introduction to computer science using python. i would recommend taking your first year course with her. if you already know programming it is an easy a. class could be a challenge for those who do not have past experience however, vida explains the material well.', "amazing prof! all of her lectures are recorded and she goes through everything step by step in front of you so it's easy to follow. beware, she doesn't prepare you well for the midterms. make sure to do the coursera exercises and you'll be fine. she says the textbook is mandatory but i never used it.", 'all the lectures were recorded and the code from them was available as well which made studying a lot easier. the lectures were always interesting and very thorough. i had absolutely no prior knowledge of programming and no interest in it either but this ended up being one of my favourite classes and i did well in it.', 'she amazin at explaining', 'shes a very good professor and is very smart, but she is very mean, condisending, and has no patience for students who are not doing well. be prepared for her to tell you to drop the class.', 'amazing teacher. really knows her stuff. all assignments are very clearly indicated, and she is quick to reply to any ambiguity via the online forum. does not accept lateness of submissions, and failures are failures - no exception. i found this fair.', "i had very little programming experience, but i still got over 80%. attend the lectures, and do practice problems. i liked the multiple choice exams. if you understand the logic behind the lines of code, you'll be fine. some students who had programmed before did mediocre because they didn't understand what a line of code meant to the computer.", "there's nothing new when it comes to mid term and exams. all exams and midterms are multiple choice (same everywhere). explains well in class which is recorded and uploaded on her youtube channel for revision purposes. her assignments can be hard but not impossible.", 'very responsible prof who records all lectures online. also willing to help if you go to her office hours for midterms and quizzes to correct past mistakes.', "she's probably your best option for iti 1120 since she's very knowledgeable of python and definitely goes out of her way to explain things from the very basics in the first week of lectures incase you have 0 programming experience. that being said, her assignments/exams/quiz are very hard. imo, the biggest plus is that she records all the lectures.", "i had no previous experience with programming and didn't have to much trouble with the assignments and usually felt quite confident. didn't do as well as i'd liked on my midterm but vida was happy to help me to understand where i went wrong during her office hour. key to passing is reading the textbook and doing as many practice programs you can", "adore her. this is a heavy workload class but if you put in the work, you'll get the a. be very careful with the multiple choice though- you might feel confident but make sure to read the question carefully. (i may have failed the quiz even though i thought i did well...) also, do the labs at home so you don't have to stay through the full 3 hours.", "she's a good and honest teacher. the class is well structured and you learn a lot. she expect you to work on your own so don't ask question during classes if you didn't work at all. she gives a lot of free material you can study on and lecture are available on video in blackboard.", 'her lectures are very clear but the tests are multiple choice which can be a little tricky.', 'vida is the best professor i ever had. please , just take iti courses with her ! she did her lecture by showing how to write code from scratch and she will explain every syntax that she used. you will know how good she is when you take iti 1121 with another professor', 'awesome. she is a really good teacher for java. if you go to her lectures and listen, you will be fine for all assignments, and exams.', 'dr. dujmovic is one of the best professors i\'ve ever had on the criteria of listening to a student\'s questions, and offering an answer that is both pertinent and informative regarding the nature of the question, and doing so in a manner that is neither handing students the "correct" answer, nor is it diminutive of the student\'s uncertainties.', "vida is an excellent programming prof. if you don't know the language being taught, you should attend all lectures and ask any questions you have, as she always monitors her online forum through blackboard. an easy a if you already know the language, just make sure you're familiar with recursion and string/list operations.", "one of the best profs i've ever had. i had never programmed before but found her teaching very easy to follow. her course was also very organized. she had lots of office hours and ran on online discussion forum where you could get help. her assignments were quite long though. this course is not overly difficult but requires you to put effort in.", "a solid prof, they are very knowledgeable. the assignments can take a while but aren't too hard if you actually use the two weeks that are given instead of starting the night it's due. the tests are mc which can be tricky but you have a lot of time to work through them, so as long as you do them carefully and study you'll score decently.", "she is the best professor i've ever seen in uottawa.", 'challenging without previous programming knowledge but still do-able. tas are fantastic and can clear up any doubts while the professor herself is fairly good', "very helpful when you email her with questions, and if you can't make it to the office hours, she tries to accommodate your schedule.", 'assignments are very hard, while exams are ok', "very interesting prof. course material is very basic if you have past experience in programming however, so attendance probably isn't mandatory until later in the semester with recursion and objects. if you have no experience in programming she's a great prof. very thorough and fun.", 'shes literally a great prof. she was happy to see her student progress. shes one of few prof swho really care about her students. good prof! p.s. if your performance is good enough, ull receive her hidden-email.', "vida is not a hard prof at all; it's the subject matter that is hard. she is great at explaining. the reason her tests can be difficult is because you need to have an understanding of exactly what the code is doing in order to get the answer... which is how it is in the real world. i find her to be a very caring prof with an awesome personality.", "assignments can be tough without programming experience but they're doable. midterms are tricky because she doesn't do much to prepare us. make sure to do the coursera work before the midterms and understand the exact definition and outputs of everything without testing it the code. that's the only way you'll be ok on the exams.", 'a solid prof, she teaches the material really well and puts it all up on brightspace however some of her assignments are difficult, as well as the midterm and exam as they are multiple choice and very tricky.', 'great prof for introduction to java. only thing is sometimes she skips steps leaving you lost for the rest of the lecture, although she will answer any questions with pleasure. this class is very hard to take notes in, as she has prewritten code that she explains most of the time. assignments can be tricky, but theres an online forum she hosts', 'she is a fantastic professor. assignments are easy if you listen to all her lectures. all material including videos is posted on blackboard, so you dont need to attend the lectures. she is very helpful and answers all questions online.', 'she is a really good prof. explanations are really good. dont really need to go to her lectures since she posts them online. labs are good. the only hard part about the course is her assignments. they get pretty challenging and very time consuming. if you go to her and ask her for help, she will definitely help you.', "great prof, assignments were manageable, just beware of the midterm and the exam, they are multiple choice and easy, but it is also very easy to get mixed up between answers. so as long as you know what you're doing it's fine. she is very clear in her lectures, so it shouldn't be a problem in understanding concepts! take her class if you can", "dr. dujmovic is fantastic. i cannot say enough good things about her lectures and her support for students outside of class via blackboard. she is organized; she gives multiple examples; she reviews tricky concepts before exams; and she's funny. i hope to take a course taught by her again in the future.", "her lectures are very easy to follow and they're all recorded. just do the work and review the lectures and you'll do fine. make sure you know exactly what's happening in your code step by step and do all the coursera work because that's what the exams are like.", "vida is a good teacher that explains er lectures very well. the dgd's are long, but it has a variety of exercice that we can do. there is a lot of office hours during the week, which allows student's to go ask questions when they're available. overall, the teacher was positive which made it fun to learn."]
['she brought us cookies!', 'she is the best prof i have ever seen. if you are in her class, you are a lucky dude!', "she probably thinks that we're in kindergarden... extremely annoying", "she's a very good professor. she is clear in her explanations. however, getting an a+ is very difficult. the main reason for this is because you need to do some analysis on the tests, which is not easy considering the time restrictions.", 'cool stuff', 'amazing prof! she was always super enthusiastic about the material which really helped to keep it interesting. very good at communicating the ideas too.', 'one word, excellent. examns and assignment were challenging, to be expected from a third year course. thank you professor boyd', 'she is an excellent prof. take her class, for sure!', 'she is the one and only one who know how to teach.', 'definitely my favourite prof in the faculty. she gives you these fill-in-the-blank lecture notes that you follow along with for the lectures; i find them extremely useful and very well executed. she gives great lectures, has great lecture notes, and has a great sense of humour. fun to talk to outside of class, as well.', "she wants to make you think which is good. she is a **** of a marker.. dot your i's and cross your t's.. if you dont go to class and take good notes (she provides a good guideline for the lectures) then you are screwed... textbook for the course was terrible.. she is a good prof.. definitely conceited and a feminist but good anyway.", "one of the best prof at uo, really enjoyed professor boyd's class, make this subject very interesting!", 'csi 3105 - excellent professor. i loved her teaching style. if you go to class and pay attention you will succeed.', "5/5 would recommend. this is the type of prof that makes you want to take a certain course simply because she's teaching it. great lecturer, crystal clear expectations for assignments and exams, good class notes, and very fair. show up to class, fill in the notes she provides, and participate, and you'll have nothing to complain about :)", "she's always smiling and giggly. but i don't like her teaching style, what she says in class is what goes. if you solve it using a diffrent method and still get the same answer you'll get part marks. but she's willing to answer any question during her office hours, if there isn't a line of students. don't buy the textbook its just a guide.", 'very friendly. good sense of humour. great professor overall.', 'she is fantastic! engaging, assignments and midterm reflect what is taught in class. highly recommend!', 'best notes ever. one of the best profs at uottawa. i wish every prof could make notes like her. keeps you engaged in the course.', 'very engaging personality, she makes you attend every lecture if you want to pass, as the assignments/tests often refer to things only discussed in class, but not in the text. the handouts are templates you must complete by attending classes.', 'excellent prof. best in csi. i took 2 electives with her after taking my degree course and loving it. she is the best.', 'best professor that i have ever had!', 'sylvia was one of the best csi profs for uofo.', 'she is an excellent teacher. has very good knowledge of her subject. you dont need any extra notes.:)', "she really really really really annoyed me. s's so annoying you'll think your mom is teaching! main problem is that she states and restates the obvious, and then asks about 3 different students to repeat it... yawn!", "easily the best csi professor i've had. exams contain no surprises, lectures are engaging, and professor is cheerful and clear (also emails back very quickly for assignment questions!). attend class, pay attention to everything, and do your assignments, and you'll do well. i loved this class, but would take any course if taught by ms boyd!", 'i like your hair!', 'i wish all the csi courses at uottawa were taught by professor boyd.', 'she is definitely one of the best professors. she is very clear about materials. assignments and exams reflect back on what we learned during the class so i always feel everything makes sense. she loves what she does and teaches very well. 5 stars for sure. extremely recommended!', 'it was a really well taught class.', 'her lectures are organized and clear. the assignments and exams are challenging but fair. exactly what i want from a third year course. :)', "in the faculty of engineering/csi i'd say she is probably one of the best. although i could not stand her teaching style, and her voice was so damn annoying. her tone of voice sounded like she thought we were pre school kids. her notes are only given out in class so it's pretty much mandatory to go. her examples help 100% with assignments/exams.", "amazing teacher! explain things very well by writingdrawing in her tablet, and it's much better than reading any textbooks yourself. textbook not needed, but must not skip class, since everything is displayed in class. many tests, no assignments. practices with answers are released before tests. i'd love to try her other courses.", 'knows her stuff and knows how to explain it clearly. complexity analysis simply makes sense once she explains it.', 'amazing', 'she is an awsome teacher!', 'best csi prof in ou (not saying much though)', 'great prof!', 'attend every class! the class notes are missing the most important parts, and you must go to class to get them. she also drops hints about the exam. overall a hard, tedious but important course. she brings a great deal of enthusiasm and clarity to the subject. one of the few professors who is actually good at teaching and seems to enjoy it.']
['she makes sure every student fully understands the material.', "took her class one year ago. she is a really nice prof. she also likes to help students in any ways both study and life. strongly recommend you take her session. she told me that she always try her best to improve her teaching. she also will reference this website to improve herself, not like some profs they don't care at all.", "qi hao is definitely the most caring professors i've had. the material can become challenging near the end of the course, but she's always very welcoming and eager to give extra help during her office hours. her grading criteria is clear and she gives bonus marks for coming to class and on the midterm! she wants to see all her students succeed.", 'a decent, straightforward, and a somewhat lenient professor although there was a noticeable spike in difficulty in the handling of the material towards the end of the course but was able to set things on track at a critical time. tries to relate to students by telling us life stories around the work the professor did. just solid overall.', "the most helpful prof i've had in my entire uni experience so far. really wants to see you succeed. if you do your part as a student then you will be rewarded with an amazing mark. the course is not too difficult. be respectful towards her effort to teach, she'll boost your grade if she sees you participating. it's a fun class, labs are a breeze.", "her passion for her teaching is often overlooked by her still developing teaching skills, however the material was easy enough to learn on your own. i have yet to see a professor who cares as much about their students as she does. probably the nicest professor/teacher i've had in a long time. over time you adjust to the accent. 9/10 would recommend", 'super nice! but difficult to understand. nicest prof ever. textbook pdf available online, make sure you have the right version!', "this professor was fantastic. sure, listening to someone read off powerpoints can be dull at times but she makes up for this by how much she cares for her students. makes sure were well prepared for the midterm and exam, and she's also super helpful in person. 10/10 would recommend.", "shes one of the greatest profs in uottawa. ridiculously nice and inspirational, go to her office hours and she will literally tell you everything you need to know. super helpful, her accent can be a little confusing but this doesn't matter cuz she teaches really well and will tell you exactly whats on exams, plus she will even help u write it!", "great prof, really wants to see her students succeed. takes attendance for bonus marks. follow along with the textbook after every lecture and you're golden.", 'very nice profesor, easy to understand', 'professor qi is one of the best professors i have had in all my university years! i have never seen anyone who is there there students as much as her!! she wants everyone to do good, she is willing to go above and beyond to help! she was forced to use slides made by the course coordinator, but its not her fault. highly recommended!', 'if you really are trying to work hard for your grades she will understand that and try to help you out. she will want you to pass if you put in the time and effort.', 'best prof on campus!', 'really nice professor, exams are pretty simple. taking every lecture, and finishing all assignments, you will pass this course', 'great prof. really cares about her students.', "she's a really nice prof who wants all her students to get a+. like any other class, if you're even slightly confused then you should seek help to understand since it's all relevant to the later material. she'll always be ready to patiently explain it to you.", "i put in zero effort towards this class. never bothered showing up to lectures and did the labs/assignments the day it was due. just a warning: don't copy assignment solutions from the previous semesters (use chegg). do all past midterms!! the labs were a joke and i got perfect on all of them. you don't to put in much effort for a good grade!!", 'one of the best profs ever. she really cares about students. she is there for you to get an a+. our room was changed but she talked to the dean several times to change the rooms back b/c the new one was a worst learning environment. she gives bonus marks for attendance and on midterm. never seen a prof give so much support to her students.', 'make sure to go in for office hours to get concepts explained and your mark wont be under an a.', 'she is the best professor i have come across in my university experience so far. i would give her a 5/5.', 'first time i took this course, it was with karmouch and i failed. but this time around that i took it with hao the course suddenly felt easier as hao actually cares. she would also sometimes give real-life examples and that helped tremendously. finally, as others have said, please do get ready for a tough final.', 'this was easily the best professor i have had in my university experience so far. very nice and helpful. if you put in the work, you will definitely get a mark you deserve.', "one of the best most helpful professors i've had in my life! unlike other engineering profs who don't help out, she helped out and was always there for anyone who puts in the time. you will get a good mark if you put in some effort. just a genuine sweet and nice prof and very kind hearted!", 'if this prof is an option for you please take her!! her lectures are clear and detailed. she gives bonus attendance marks as well. though her assignments are long they are also not difficult. midterm was easy (with 30 bonus marks) and final was fair. i really recommend her. best prof in my first year.', 'professor hao is a reasonable and responsible professor. not many profs have this quality. she is a very nice person as well. her main problem would be her accent as pointed out by the other reviewers, meaning she may not be clear during lectures. however, if you have any questions she is definitely there for you! in general, great prof!', "it's obvious that she really cares about her students. however, she tends to get a bit flustered during the lecture which seems to throw off some students. if she manages to keep her enthusiasm and get more in the rhythm of lecturing, she definitely has the potential to be one of the best profs at uottawa."]
['she is crystal clear and makes machine learning fun. take this course!', 'i like this course, the professor is the best professor in the world.it give all of her time to us. i really learned from the project. she is veeeeeeery nice, fairly professor. i am proud of being her student', 'very interesting class; she knows her stuff and tries to make learning fun.', "she's simply the best.", 'this course was earlier offered by some other prof. but since 2016 winter, herna viktor started teaching the course. she expects the full understanding of the concept and is really good at her own concepts. assignments were bit confusing but once you understand, they are piece of cake. so is the mid term and final. easy a if you understand concept.', 'very nice woman', 'a great prof!', 'she is a great, genuinely nice prof. sh explains the material very well. the material is interesting.', 'the most interesting course i had this winter. we had to apply knowledge which i like the most.', 'she is an industry professor and put more emphasis on real word stuff like sql and spent less time doing more abstract stuff like relational algebra. she is also very flexible with understanding her students. recommended!', "she's been teaching this course for a while has clearly designed for students to succeed (the one's who put in any sort of effort). if you go to the tuts/labs you'll know everything you'll need to do for the assignments/exams. worst part of this course were the ta's and how useless they were, but you should be use to that by now.", 'she is very kind, beautiful and helpful. the exam was tough, though.', 'very good professor who knows her stuff and explains the material well. she is very patient with questions from students. first half of course is very easy, second half less so. the final exam was a lot harder than expected - luckily, marking was extremely generous, as with every other deliverable in the course including final project.', 'by far the best course this winter. the prof shows that she cares and the assignments are challenging but good.', "not at all helpful...tries to copy sylvia boyd a lot...useless information...no technical info...only bookish knowledge and that too copy/paste...grad course is just for grades...doesn't have any knowledge about how to do project", 'herna is one of the professors at site. i highly recommend to take her courses!', 'such a fantastic teacher. the class is full of fun and she is always able to find an easy way for us to understand those profound knowledge.', 'this is an awesome course. i learned a lot in the field of databases.', 'very nice prof']
["she is a great teacher. she is clear and approachable. not to mention she is good looking ;) i recommend this course. don't believe the other raters who can't even spell.", 'one best thing about that teacher is that she took final exam before drop period..so you can easily decide what you have to do...teaching style and slides are perfect.', "1.5 hour pizza commercial...=) c'mon guys she's ok, better than the most profs in csi. i recommend her.", 'she tries her best u can see that, but the assignment marking is brutal.', "course is zzzzzzz, marks are rough, but she's ok", 'very good lecturer, such a cute little woman, her lectures were enjoyable. i hope i have her again.', 'although the course is challenging, it is worth taking since you can learn many things. personally the 2nd exam was really difficult despite i spared more time on studying compared to the 1st exam. many questions require thorough understanding. just knowing how to solve specific problem is not good enough. you always have to be one step forward.', "overall ok. maybe slightly better than ok. she's one of those people that you 'like', but her teaching is only moderate.", 'the course is a bit tricky, so try to learn as much as you can. the prof is nice and generous to give scores.', 'one of the best prof of the university of ottawa. she is really amazing and great knowledge of content. problem-solving skills matter a lot.', 'great teacher, very helpful very motivated', 'she is a wonderful teacher. explains clearly and with lot of interest. has excellent command over her topic and her pleasant appearance makes the whole course all the more interesting. the notes are not that helpful but whatever she teaches in the class is sufficient to score high.', 'she is nice, knowledgeable and helpful. read lectures bit by bit, although some questions are external. i did my best effort in her course.', 'she is so cute and the class is interesting, she also gives high grades. a good teacher and nice person.']
['best prof youll ever have.', 'he is inspirational to me. an amazing human, teacher, expert who devotes himself to his students and his work completely. i truly admire him.', "he's a great man!", "est-ce qu'on compare des pommes et des oranges&#63;", 'course suggests buying the notebook, do so! teacher is clear, consistent and always in a good mood. good guy, maybe a little off in his teaching methods but still comprehensible.', 'best professor ever in my life, dedicated to his work, and help students in every aspects.', 'best teacher in the university, good person, very helpfull, close from the students', "he is the best professor i ever came across in my life! he is an all in one.. super smart, has so much compassion towards teaching and research work, he makes sure you have all the ingredients you'll need to succeed and he expects you to succeed highly since you will basically have no excuse not to! he brings out the best of you!", "great prof, bright guy. also always very helpful and he'll answer our questions on the message board up until, like midnight on the before the assignment is due! you could say devoted to his students", "this guy was great. after 45 minutes into the exam, he asked a student for my number, called me on my cell phone told me to come do the exam (i thought it'd be the next day) and offered to stay longer to give me more time to finish the exam. he's a great prof. i'd recommend. his humour would be his weakest point ;p", "good teacher. it's all i have to say.", 'he has all what it takes to be a perfect professor !!! i admire him !', "est-ce qu'on parle d'un tableau ici&#63;&#63; non. cool&#63;", 'hot!']
["great professor. i'm in my 4th year and it's saying a lot that he is one of the top 3 professor's i've had within the elg/ceg/seg/csi courses. he actually enjoys what he does and passionately conveys the material. he clearly loves to teach and i hope uottawa continues to hire more professors like him.", 'great prof. explained the course material well and was available whenever to answer questions. recommend him to anyone.', 'very good prof. genuinely interested in seeing his students succeed and readily available to help out when needed.', "best professor i've ever had. extremely knowledgeable, passionate about teaching and conveys the material effectively. he's always available to address questions even outside of office hours. wish uofo could hire more profs like him!", "he doesn't enforce 50% rule and he is a nice guy. he is lecture heavy.", 'good prof. take all the courses with him', 'great prof. very knowledgeable.', 'really good prof. subject matter was boring but he taught it the best he could. assignments were tough but interesting and good practice, tests were very fair. one of the best eecs profs for sure.', "he's a keeper", 'best prof i ever had in my 5 year studies. always well prepared and the lecture is much better than other engineering profs. i would take other course offered by this prof.', 'such a great prof.', 'he is a great prof verryyyy easy going . very relaxed and willing to flex with you in terms of dates. higheyllllllll suggest you take it with him.', "this prof knows his stuff, and actually wants to teach. it's very clear that he wants everyone to do well and will do anything to help. best prof in engineering.", 'great prof! he explains things in such a simple manner that you can easily grasp it. would definitely recommend hime.', 'he teaches well and in such a way that things get right into your head. very clear in instructing. expects a functional project which gives you hands-on experience of the technology and the domain. would definitely recommend the course', 'the material itself is not a lot and easy. he is very clear on what he expects of you. in his midterm and final review, there r small hints as to what will show up. his assignments are long but not hard and the lab exercises are very helpful to properly understanding the material. he can get monotonic but if you get past it he is a very good prof.', 'there is a massive group project which needs pros to do that, and the course is very time consuming', 'if you are interested in web development and wanna get a good grade, this prof is one of the best you could find in uo. as long as you finish your project and presentation, you can get almost full score in these 2 parts. pay attention to the final exam, because it involves almost every contents he taught on class. easy a in the end.', 'good knowledge of the content and very ellaborative too. teaches the topics with a very simplistic way. group project having major part of the grades. very helpful. easy a', "the best prof. i've had so far!!"]
['zzzzzzzzzzzz....maybe its because i knew all the material from highschool or because she is very quiet and &quot;delicate&quot; sounding but i ended up watching friends on my laptop all year...thats an awesome show btw! bottom line, not a hard teacher but not the most energetic either.', "nice class, lots of interesting logics and applications. she's friendly and teaches well most of the time. open-ended term project where you can explore whatever topic in-depth you like. bonus points available on homework, doing optional presentations, and even for just showing up to presentations! for a graduate course, it was pretty relaxing!", 'a very nice person and a great teacher. organized and knowledgeable. always ready to help students. she wont move on with the lecture unless she has clarified your doubts. best professor i have ever had. take her course, you will learn a lot and that too with ease.', "overall good intro-to-compsci prof. boring lectures, alot of theory (maybe because that's her field), but the theory prooved to be a good way to start in comp.sci", 'not bad, especially as a supervisor', 'one of the best professor at uottawa. you should attend the class.', 'i really enjoyed csi3104. if you attend class she gives very specific examples that make the content more clear. i would definitely recommend taking csi3104 with her!', "a nice prof, an easy course. if you have taken any programming course in high school the class material will be very boring. my only complaint is that she is quiet and doesn't control the class when students start to talk, making it hard to hear.", 'she is very nice professor always listen to students problems. exams will cover what she taught and are generally easy. bonus points and open book tests so that students wont fail and learn as well. overall easy course, good learning and best professor.', 'she really goes in detail and covers the topic thoroughly, her lecture is extensive be prepared to take a lot of note and learn a lot of things. she is also helpful and you will always find her in her consulting hours. i was very skeptical about the course since the context seemed very challenging at first but she made it very easy.', 'she is a very nice woman', "she's kind and she explained the materials clearly in the lectures. although she doesn't provide solutions to the exams and assignments, you can ask her questions and she will work with you together for solutions during the office hours.", 'some students may think she is a boring teacher, but in fact it is because the course itself. as an international student, i think prof amy is very friendly and patient. during the whole term, i only got 60 and 76 in two midterm exams, and i felt really bad about my final. but to my surprise int end she gave me a a- as my final grade. thanks a lot']
['expect to code in class. almost every lecture he will explain a new concept and then you have to code it in class. he does help sometimes, but with many students i am sometimes stuck and can not get help. make sure you finish those exercises outside of the lecture. otherwise, he is great. i actually started enjoying to code after this course.', 'very happy i took a course with omar. here really made me like and enjoy learning. he directly and indirectly makes the material interesting and relevant. his approach is to make you like the topic, understand why it is important, and then teach it. i feel he genuinely cares.. i simply recommend any course with him..', 'i took principles of programming with omar. excellent professor, i strongly recommend him. however, his midterm was a bit too difficult, but he is also fair with grading.', "good, honest fellow. you can tell that he is a new professor, which is good and bad at the same time since he isn't the most experienced in this course (formal languages) but is willing to answer questions and does not have a strong accent. i recommend him over other professors.", 'excellent..', "very nice guy, great attitude, funny. knowledgable, but sometimes a little bit unprepared to present the material. assignments were on the easy side but they did cover the material, exams were fair, if you know the material you'd do fine. refreshing to have a prof that doesn't seem to want to trick you or play games.", "i did not do well in this course, but omar helped me out a lot throughout the semester. he encouraged me to come to his office and he patiently went over many parts of the material. i would have definitely fail if it weren't for him. advice: you need to work hard from day one. assignments and midterms are not too difficult, but you must work hard.", 'excellent professor, passionate about teaching and very motivating.', 'excellent teacher!', 'this is a talented professor who made the course like a story. he used to say, this is a 15-week long story of principles of languages. this course was truly inspirational (if u like math like me). thank you professor omar sooo much..', 'i wish all professors were like omar. he make us passionate about the subject of the course. he is fun and i enjoy going to each class. he starts off with something interesting and slowly transitions into the topic. the assignments are some what long, but if you do them, then you are pretty much ready for the exams.', "a great prof! he starts all his lectures off with something funny or interesting, and then transitions that into the day's lecture. very funny and engaging. also worked hard to make sure we don't have to spend money we don't have to (ie. money on textbooks. he contacted the publishers for free textbooks. and we got it! considerate, funny, engaging!", 'omar is a great professor. he really made me enjoy cs very much. he explains the reasons why for the things we cover in class. i really wish to take more courses with him.', 'simply the greatest professor ever. he makes the material easy. he is patient and tries different approaches to teach the material. he is funny too. lectures are a lot of fut to attend. i never missed a single lecture even though he does not take attendance.', 'very very good course and very very good professor. i am happy i took this course with him. i totally enjoyed every lecture, and also learned a lot.', 'excellent professor. he made me love going to class. i strongly recommend him.', 'short review: excellent. detailed review: this professor makes you love the topic, and enjoy learning. he explains why we are being taught something from his own experience and from relevant current events. once you understand why, you become motivated to learn. the brilliance is also in how the relevance is explained. i strongly recommend him.', 'excellent prof.', 'really excellent prof. he makes the subject relevant and interesting. i enjoyed almost every lecture. he also seems to really care about the students. he encouraged us to focus on learning rather than focusing on the grades. i would definitely recommend this professor.', 'this professor really really cares. he made want to learn. he always says, if you are not having fun, you are not learning. great professor.', 'great professor. he makes the course interesting and i learned lot in his course. i strongly recommend this professor.']
['just amazing', "the best teacher in csi imo. i specifically switched from english class to this one just to have this teacher. i have him again in csi2520 and i do not regret. tests are exactly what you'd expect, final as well. assignments are kinda hard but that's how you learn.", 'simplement le meilleur', 'he gives a lot of assignments and quizzes. but still the best teacher ever. exams are never a surprise. would have again', 'vraiment juste.', 'tres bon prof, explique tres bien la matiere et tres drole desfois. recommande fortement.', 'vraiment trs gentil, terre  terre, juste.', 'he was really good had good powerpoints and gave good examples in class. exams are really easy if you put minimum effort listening in class. his examples in class are very similar to the ones in the exam', 'vraiment gentil, toujours prt  aider, pas trop difficile sur les notes, trs juste.', 'great teacher, had for csi 2772, seg 2505, csi 2510', "really good teacher, knows what he's talking about.", "great prof. he explains algorithms in a simple way so we can understand them and uses props and clever analogies to teach them. he always seems to be in a good mood and ready to answer students' questions. programming assignments (2) are tricky but exams are fair.", "i strongly recommend taking this prof. his lectures are clear, and when he sees that the class doesn't get a concept, he starts over and goes through it more slowly. he's approachable and kind. if you have the choice between this prof and moura for csi2110, then trust me, you should take laganiere even if your french is mediocre.", 'second class i take with him, he is clear and he shows interest and passion towards the subject being taught. you will definitely learn a lot with him', "had him for 2 classes, and he was great for both. what can i say, he's just a good guy and a good prof. exams are just like what you did in class also if that worries you", 'very nice and respectful. one of the best profs so far. makes jokes from time to time. teaches very well and grades fairly. had him for three classes : csi2510, seg2505 and csi2772. the class is easy if you do the homework, lab sessions for csi2510 are not useful.']
['u look like luigi from super mario brothers', "he knows his stuff, but likes to go off on tangents every now and again. his slides are derived from the textbook authors. so pay attention in class and you won't need the text book. extremely approachable and will take the time to discuss ideas with you if you are willing to put in effort. his assignments are more tedious than challenging.", 'he makes you work really hard! excellent knowledge of the subject. he is a hardworker. he appreciates the effort. he gives bonus marks for his assignments. he is very intellegent person.', "you'll have to work hard, but it's worth it. he doesn't always give the clearest guidelines - i consider this a good thing. it leaves you room to explore and learn on your own, and he's usually good at spotting effort or lack thereof. he supports open source. :) he's somewhat set in his ideas, which is fine since he knows what he's talking about.", "not the best prof, but he really tries hard and that's worth a lot.", "he's supposed to be hard... he's cool, knows his material...", 'good prof for this course. loves perl and linux, and shows it. challenging assignments, kind of boring lectures.', 'rambles a lot about stuff, so it can be interesting. the exams were a nightmare.', 'excellent knowledge of subject matter.', "rambles, and can be hard to hear if he doesn't wear a mic, but he definately knows his stuff. assignments can be hard, but you learn alot from them. overall a decent prof."]
['really nice guy!', 'he tends to talk a lot. the course is easy but a bit boring. he is quite fair with marks.', 'he tends to talk alot. he is a good guy thought and extremely fair with the marking. make sure you read the textbook and do the sample problems.', 'nothing short from an ivy-l prof.. dunno why is he teaching here... tries his best to let you understand everything . detects your understanding from your eyes and repeats when needed. a cute friendly man. so smart!', 'his lecture is nice. just read book it would be helpful as well. he is very there for you .', 'his course is really interesting and students can learn easily. also all the students who co-opearate well in his class is easy to reach a good mark', "fantastic prof. explains concepts with a real drive and passion, and goes above and beyond in lectures. however, he tends not to give a lot of examples in his slides, and as such they can be a bit confusing. (he's readily available after classes and by email if you need to ask for clarifications). don't take the assignments lightly!"]
['an amazing professor. explains concepts with great detail and really wants to make sure everyone understands. glad i took this course with him.', 'this prof deserves an award. so glad i have him again for iti1100 this summer', 'a great professor who makes the lectures as engaging and interactive as possible. he is very knowledgeable of python however, i found his assignments are extremely tough and yea the exams are tricky multiple choices which i am ok with it. any programming background with basic computational skills make this course a straight a.', 'i had a heavy loaded timetable and i almost failed the introduction to computing iti1120 course. this professor inspired me and keep encouraging until i got a-. one big advice try to participate at his lecture as he memorized names properly. also, do not forget to enroll at the online coursera offered at his brightspace; those resources helped a lo', 'a very nice, decent, and helpful professor. the course material was so prepared and covered every thing @ the text book, i loved his slides.. one minor thing was the assignments were so hard and challenging. overall the course was great and fun.', 'a solid prof who teaches the material really well and puts it all up on bright space, however, some of his assignments are difficult, as well as the midterm and the final exam as they are multiple choice and very tricky. though, he provided some bonus quizzes to help you make up for your score.', 'honestly, i only go to the lectures for the jokes.', 'great professor i learned alot']
['this man changes the computing game, makes you adore code even if youve never done it before and hes definitely someone to chill with outside of class. hopefully he continues teaching sections', 'he made the class a enjoyable as it was. would sit down and have a beer with him any day of the week.', 'my favourite prof of first semester. definitely made one of the harder courses for me 100 times more enjoyable. super nice and chill guy, and really cares about his students. he always tries to make sure that everyone in the class understands everything . 11/10 would recommend.', 'made a difficult course enjoyable and easy to understand. take this prof if you can!!', "this is the best programming teacher i've ever had. he really makes you think about what you're doing, and makes you very careful when you code. if you make a mistake, he'll make sure you never make it again. definitely going to be a memorable course. if you can choose ashwin as your ta, i definitely recommend.", "his lectures are fun! i had no experience with coding &amp; learned quite a bit, but i strongly recommend taking advantage of his office hours! even if you don't have a lot of questions, he's just awesome to chill with. however, i would definitely suggest taking your own notes or supplementing with online info, as his slides are not the best.", 'awesome guy makes the material fun and easy to understand.', 'awesome guy', "really good guy, but if you haven't coded it can be a bit difficult. he is always available for help and asks for a lot of feedback from students. very worth it to take his class."]
['best prof ever! but his assignments were tough !', 'nice prof.', 'nice use of the english language...willing to clarify what is not understood in lectures and assignments...fair exams, grading, and grade assignment (curving)...fair but hard exams...', 'great prof!! lecture notes are very helpful', 'hard midterms and exam', 'haha... unix, that must be it, but he is a great teacher.', 'one of the best prof i have ever met in the computing scicenc. strong recommend to take his cmpt150. organization is very good, teaching is very good. he is very patient and always try to help students.', 'wonderful prof whose notes are very easy to understand... very helpful!', "excellent prof, engaging and clear about the systems we're working with. go to his office for help and you will leave with a complete understanding of the answer.", 'he knows what he is doing. he has a good knowledge in computing science. but he not a good teacher. he does not try to clarify stuff. he just assume you understand and keeps on going to new materials. tough assinments.', 'teaches information very clearly. once you understand his teaching style and the basics, the class is very easy. textbook was totally unnecessary. great prof', 'he is one of the few good profs at sfu. very knowledgeable, clear, and detailed explanations, always available to help students. if you have a choice, take the course with him! until now, i think he is the best prof at sfu.', 'tony is the best teacher for this class. attendance is a must as he does various examples on the overhead and explains them. does not use powerpoint which is a good thing for this course. assignments are tough but you do learn a lot.', 'one of the best profs in sfu computing science. i took both cmpt 150 and 250 with him. exams are a little bit hard, but if you attend the lectures and able to do his assignments you will find no difficulties. over all superb, but grading is little bit harsh.', 'excellent professor. he is very helpful with his rich knowledge. he is the prof. that you do not see everyday.', "android-like, i think he's running on unix. wonderful prof.", 'very nice guy, gives hard miterms and exams though.', 'i have to say that i have a lot of respect for his knowledge and class. assignments are long but do them, you will learn a lot, especially if you have to take ensc 350. final exam is hard. but do you self a favor and take the cmpt 250 with him. you will never regret if you take it with him', "good prof, but be prepared if you're taking cmpt 150 or 250 with dixon; assignments are extremely difficult and will take many hours (or days!) to complete. exams are decent. notes are really great, but he doesn't post them online so go to class! he is very helpful and often stays after class to answer students' questions.", 'dist ed course, prof was helpful even though he just supervises. killer final!!', "dist ed: if you've taken any other programming course before, this course will be easy. nonetheless, you'll learn plenty of vb tools to work with. final exam was very short (literally four functions)", 'i suggest people should take cmpt 250 with this prof. you will learn alot from him. his lecture notes are very clear and useful, but his exams are extremely hard. assignments are hard and long, you have no time to sleep if you want to finish the assignments on time', "this guy has the best notes ever. he explains everything, and answers every single question. assignments and tests were long and hard, but still do-able. he'll answer all your questions if you ask him. one thing thou: his voice is too soft and monotone, so it can get a bit boring.", 'good teacher but exams are very hard!', 'excellent prof! exams are fair, lectures are clear! offer a lot of help to students~ assignments are tedious but do-able. learned a lot from him.', "one of the best professor around, extremely helpful. make sure u take him if he's teaching this course", "nice prof and ok explaining skills it's just that the course material is pretty hard. don't worry his midterms are worth only 10% of total grade while assignments worth 7.5% each(4 assignments in total). he also allows you to replace lab attendance for any assignments u miss.", "first of all, cmpt 150 has never been easy and never will be. dixon is doing a good job compared to others and is fair too. yet, don't forget to check if there are good ta's as they have a very important role in this course.", 'final exam is really hard.', "barely opened the textbook & never missed a lecture, because his lectures & online class notes are clear, organized, and all you need to know. assignments were long, but fun & informative. very helpful, considerate, & thorough when asked questions in person or via email. warning: he makes typos, so if you think you're right, speak up.", "great professor! extremely knowledgeable; nobody ever asked a question he couldn't answer. ready to help students, even staying overtime in his office hours to help a line of students. his lectures are very detailed, and his explanations are very clear. he prepares you well for exams, and the marking is fair.", 'very helpful and clear prof. his assignments are more challenging than the exams. the fact is, he is not a difficult prof (consider the potential difficulty of the course), it is the material that is difficult.', 'awesome prof!!!!!!', 'very nice person, always helping us on assignments during office hours.', 'he is one of the most smartest professor in sfu. if you attend his class every day, you will get your satisfied grade', "by far my most enjoyable class of the semester. his lectures are extremely useful, just write down and listen to what he says and you will be golden. textbook is not necessary with him, he even posts notes at the end of the week with everything you need to know. assignments were fun and exams weren't hard if you just pay attention to lecture.", 'final is hard as hell, but the prof is a great guy.', 'gives thorough lectures, and gave weekly lecture summaries online. i thought the tests, and assignments were fair.', 'hard, boring, but still knows his**** and is still a good prof', 'excellent prof, but exams are hard; assignments are doable but require a good deal of time and effort.', "very helpful and kind man. always willing to stay those extra 15minutes to make sure you understand something... plus he's like a santa clause/ sean connery hybrid.", "excellent prof ... much better than the tard that thought the same course last semester ... very good teacher. he knows what he's doing", 'great teacher, very responsible teacher.', "very nice prof, care about students' understanding, kill ya on exams", 'great prof. good lectures and even better notes, however that means in no way that the class is a breeze (cmpt250). good voice, encourages questions, nice guy overall and to top it off hes got a sweet beard. solid. solid.', 'really knows his stuff', "the course is hard, but he is the most helpful prof i've ever had! extremely nice :) go to his office and you will never get into trouble with assignment or exam!", "good prof.his notes are the best. in his office hours,you can ask many question you want, and it doesn't matter how many times you don't understand the concept, he will repeat it until you got it :)assignments are pretty helpful and difficulty is &quot;so so&quot;. midterms & finals are easy if you study.i prefer this prof to everyone who needs to take cmpt.", "very good prof. he might be a bit monotone lecturing but he's very organized, and does a excellent job presenting complex info in a clear manner. you learn a lot in his class. assignments are hard but he prepares you well for them. exams are easy compared to assignments and grading is fair. gives option to drop midterm if you do poorly on midterms", 'great lecturer. easy midterms and moderate final.', "labs were easy, assignments were hard. you will need to study for mt and final, because they are extremely hard. however, he's an extremely good prof w/ good notes. highly recommended for cmpt150/250 because you'll learn alot.", "this is a challenging course, but dixon's extremely helpful office hours and his crystal clear notes make this a walk in the park. he works through examples in lecture similar to what's been assigned. definitely recommended.", 'good prof, tends to do more than required in a course, challenging assignments', 'prepares good lectures. sometimes you cannot concentrate on lecture materials just because he sometimes goes too fast. super nice prof. tas mark the exams easy. able to see final exam after grades are posted (just email him). prepares good notes', 'best prof at sfu', "it's a very hard course, but tony realizes this and does his best to help every student get a good grade. many profs at sfu pride themselves in making it difficult to get a good grade, but not this prof - he puts many sample exams online to practice on (and the exams are usually very similar) - he makes audio recordings available and all notes too.", 'keys to be successful in this course: 1)find a good group mate 2)read the all the notes(every single line) that he posted online! 3)must understand each assignment in order to pass this course', "good lecture notes. audio notes are available too. there're sample tests online and quite similar to the midterm. he gives you solutions for assignments which is great. overall he's a good decent prof in cs. the course is hard though but all cmpt courses are hard you know what i mean.", 'excellent teacher, good attitude in office hour.', "despite the difficult midterms and finals, he's very helpful and carries a positive attitude towards students. the lectures are boring, but you really can't blame due to a lack of interesting course material.", 'he knows a lot of stuff.', "he is a perfect professor. as long as he has time and you find him in the office, he will do everything to help his students even it's not his scheduled office hour.", 'his notes are superb. assignments are not easy but office hours will help a lot. if you want to take cmpt 150 and 250, he is the guy.', 'a true professor. well organized and clear. very approachable and available to help...', 'he knows the material well and taought well, but test are hard.', "the course is difficult for those without prior experience, as the learning curve is logarithmic. don't fall behind or else it's game over. software isn't free, so it's hard to work at home. don't take with other hard courses.", 'tony is the best the teacher in sfu. he knows how to teach and work very hard. he is very helpful either in his office or through email. he will explains more than your question. he loves students. hope he can teach more years before retires.', "if it wasn't for the excellent ta, i might have failed the course. for dixon's class, you need to interact with either the ta or the prof. dixon is very helpful only if you talk to him. warning: very hard tests, assignments, and labs", "definitely one of the best professors i have ever had. his voice may seem a bit monotone, but if you're interested in the material, you'll stay awake. every single day he has covered every detail of his lecture with perfect clarity. he even gives examples that run parallel to the assignments, so you should never hit a &quot;road block&quot; in this course.", "i don't usually rate on ratemyprof but when i do, i mean it. a+ for this prof. :)", 'i agree. his final was very hard.', 'assignments and midterms are easy. the final tho, is very very hard. he is nice tho and he scales up the class.', "weekly labs are easy (attendance not mandatory) but assignments are time consuming and hard. midterms and final were average - easier than expected. just study his notes and labs and you'll be fine.", 'if you can stay awake, he is a great prof. assignments [for cmpt 150] are nasty but necessary.', "tough class, don't do macm in distance ed. dr. dixon's assignments were extremely difficult, as was his final.", "helpful notes, tough assignments, easy exams and nice man. u will get a good grade if u've done all he wants u to do. but i don't know why, i always fall asleep during his class. ^^", 'wish he offered more courses!!', 'nice prof, challenging assignments, hard tests', 'very good teaching, good notes, challenging tests', 'i just want to say: he is the man to be respected!', 'monotone voice which is boring. extremely good with his material, takes it very seriously, classy guy, little sense of humor.', 'wonderful prof. labs are fairly easy/straightforward, assignments are a bit harder but not impossible, but exams is where you really have to pay attention to details. highly recommended for cmpt 150/250', 'also take cmpt 150 under him too. his tests might be tough; but his lecture are very clear. he is pretty patient to answer all questions the students has. as long as you have understand the concepts; you will have no problem at all.', 'assignments take 8-24 hours each. the prof can help out a lot if you seek help in person. if you wanna stay awake in lectures, bring a case of red bull.', 'although i am really bad at computing and my grade is not good, i want to say, he is a good prof.', 'i took his cmpt 150 class and had a really hard time having little previous knowledge, but he was so willing to help and so approachable i learned a ton. took 250 from him and did even better. definitely recommend taking his class over 150/250 w/ atousa, you will learn some assembly which is expected later but is not taught in her equiv ensc course', "he's one of the best cs prof you can meet in the department. i love his class. he's really nice too. though the materials aren't exactly what you might call the easiest stuff, but he always tries his best to explain. love it! i was reminded of the santa clause... well, in a way xd", 'very friendly and helpful instructor. the difficulty of this course heavily depends on whether or not you regularly go to his office. he posts online notes and audio recordings of each lecture. tests are hard but not unreasonable. assignments are easy if you start them early and attend to labs. everything in the course is well organized.', "at the first glance, he's a very organized prof. the notes more clear than other cmpt classes. however, do not be fooled this class is easy! the notes do not adequetely prepare you for the asns and exams, and they look much harder(although they should not). you need to self study a lot, and it'll cost you big time if you are too busy w/ macm!", "notes are well organized. lectures are clear, although it seems boring.(notes are posted online later) there's a lot to learn in the class, but parts of the assignments are disappointly hard! mixed feelings - the prof is great, but again the marks, ...", 'easy assignments and midterms. but the final is crazy hard. he explains the course material pretty clearly though.', "his only problem is that his voice is too soft that makes ppl to go to sleep. but other than that, he's one of the nicest prof in sfu.", 'brilliant man but gawd he just cannot teach.', 'best prof in sfu till now. 150 250', 'incredibly concise and a brilliant lecturer. really knows his stuff', "read others' compliments about his teaching. i just want to mention that usually we rarely see santa claus type of people with his hotness. he is so energetic - we couldn't catch up with him when rushing into the classroom one day. hot and cute type! try!", 'dr. anthony dixon is one of the best professors. i found his lectures very useful as he worked on examples during his lectures. he explained abstract concepts in a very academic and simple way which inspired me to attend his lecture and use his notes. he uploaded his lecture notes, and he spent a lot of time in his office hours when i needed help.', 'covers material very fast, have to keep up. good assignments - tend to take a lot of time.', 'knows a lot, very good teacher, kills you on mt & final tho', 'brilliant lecturer. but made first year 150 harder than some of my second/third year courses.', "he is so elegant that can't be described in words. not only is he a great professor, he is a real man that hardly can be found in our era. he is always glad to help and never let students to be disappointed. he posts his neatly prepared lecture notes on the website. he is really a gret senior lecturer as his title specifies.", "dixon's voice is a bit monotone but his clarity and concept explanations are top notch. textbook is not needed at all, just make sure to attend every lecture and copy down everything he writes. assignments and tests are not easy but they are fair so study hard and put in a good amount of effort. definitely recommend taking his courses.", 'he is one of the best cmpt prof in sfu compares to other prof that is teaching cmpt 150. he cares about students and willing to asnwer any questions you have. even though you think the questions are dumb.', "he's one of the best teachers. assignments and midterms are hard. final is not easy. =) but he's very helpful during his office hours and willing to answer as many questions as you have. he always gives students extra hours after the regular office hours.", 'very very tough, but a good teacher. just beware of those damn exams', "clearest lecture i've ever attended, you just can't help but listen to him carefully. exams & assignements are generally not difficult and closely related to what's taught in class. helpful after class too.", "such a fun and interesting class! one of the best cmpt teachers i've had at sfu. final was tricky, but he really cares about his students. will go the extra mile to help you."]
['great prof.', 'reasonable prof. what can i say&#63; programming is logic. if you can think logically then you are good to go. if you can complete a long assignment then you are even better off.', 'simply one of the best. i have never had a proff that i actually felt that they wanted me to do good. she is super nice and attentive. the material is hard but she ellaborates it very well. exams are a bit tight on time but very fair! in total - my favorite!', 'i loved her teaching, although it gets a little annoying when she teaches from the ground up and it feels a bit too immature, she explains very well and she is really nice. if you take her courses, be sure to pay lots of attention to her lab exercises and you will do great.', 'definitely a nice prof. cares about students + mark easy', 'this prof is very friendly and easy going. loves to teach and will help all her students! on the other hand, her midterms are extremely long and hard. only a few questions but you barely have time to finish them. and her projects are super long and hard! your basically at her office every day for help. hint: find a smart lab parnter!!', "she's the nicest person ever, and really doesn't want to see anyone do poorly. she makes a very easy python based course even easier with a lot of free questions on exams and bonus marks everywhere.", "diana has to be one of the nicest, most helpful professors i have met. she really cares about how her students do and you learn a lot about java and useful programming techniques. class is a moderate workload and she's very accommodating when there are problems with getting assignments in. explanations of concepts are also clear and understandable.", "she has lovely smile. unlike other profs, she's always for extra office hour and extra help.", "although this was a recommended q and b-sci course for art students, i really struggled in the class. the concepts were simple, but the wording and explanations confused me, especially on the tests. the tests compared to labs and assignments were too advanced. not enough time and needed to write code on paper. she's super nice, but confusing.", "good prof. really cares about her students. won't kill your gpa, but likely you'll have long assignments and attendance will be mandatory. overall, i'd say her helpful-ness makes up for the work. recommended.", "felt that she tried to cram too much material into one semester. lots of guest speakers. assignments aren't too hard but sometimes need clarifying. you can tell she's very passionate about the subject and teaching cmpt in general. she genuinely wants everyone to learn and do well, and is very open to suggestions.", 'diana is a really nice and approachable prof. she really does care about her students and does her best to make everyone pass. cmpt is a subject that you need to spend time on especially if you have no programming background but overall this class is easy. just spend sometime with the material and get help if you need it.', "best cs prof imo. allows cheat sheet, excellent online notes, great explainations, care for students, replies quick to emails. learned alot from her. 2 long projects in semester, and most labs are 'exploratory'. you can partner up with a buddy to split the work for the project. mt and final were fairly long, but really easy if you can do projects.", 'a very friendly prof. gives a lot of bonus marks which are worth about 0.1% each of total grade. avoid office hours if possible because she takes forever with each student so you will not get through unless you are first in line.', 'diana is a super nice prof. she cares about students and she can explain the concepts really well. office hours is helpful, assignments and exams are fair. she even gave me extension on an assignment because i was going through some tough family issues. i took 2 courses with her and wish i could take more!', "she's awesome with her hilarious uruguayan accent! great professor, especially for such an unpleasant subject.", 'diana is one of the sweetest people you will ever meet! she really cares about her students and uses visual demonstrations that really help in understanding the material. the concepts are easy to understand but the tests are all a little tricky so be prepared! knowing some python beforehand will significantly help.', 'wonderful professor. friendly and approachable, knowledgeable and passionate about the course material and stays after class to answer questions and help out students. would gladly take another course with diana.', "diana will always take the time to explain something to you if you don't understand. she is friendly and encourages students to come to her after class if they don't understand. the i-clickers are constant and the quizzes are very confusing (write code with pen and paper- annoying) but overall the lecture notes are great and she uses good examples.", 'nicest prof i ever had! got more than 100% on final exam (if a lot of ppl screw up on a question she either makes it a bonus, or omits it) although i had programming experience, looking at her slow pace and helpfulness, i dont see why beginners should have any probz...esp if they find a smart partner for the labs/projs!', 'lectured well, easy to understand. she is very caring to students, and replied to questions on e-mail and is easily accessible outside of lectures. would take a class with her again!', 'she is very clear and very nice. the assignments may appear difficult,but the midterm and final are way easier than the assignments...', 'great prof! she is very sweet and caring. her assignments are a little challenging but that is how you learn. her lectures are great too!', "she's the sweetest prof ever, always there for the students. her lectures can be pretty confusing as she tends to jump around between subjects a lot. if you have a programming background this class is an easy a if not be prepared to really work hard to fully understand concepts. her tests and assignments aren't too hard.", "she really cares about what she's teaching, and she's clear about it. the course is very easy, most-of-which is because she does a solid lecture. there are times when the course drags, though.", 'like others have said, a very nice prof. looks out for her students. an easy course for those with programming experience, otherwise, it can be hard for beginners.', "diana is such a helpful professor and really goes out of her way to fix any problems you have/answer questions. she posts all her slides with her writing on them so you can just listen and understand during the lectures. cheat sheets are allowed during tests but don't rely on them as you won't have time to find answers. lots of bonus marks given!", 'super nice prof, really has enthusiasm for the course & cares about her students. some concepts she explains very well using slides, diagrams, human model examples, etc. at other times her explanations can lack clarity. course may be hard to people who have no programming background, since free online textbook can be vague', 'quirky, and very knowledgeable. enjoyed her teaching style, did not enjoy the 3 hours of lecture after the hour of tutorial that was mandatory for the class.', "diana's very nice (she even told us she would not be offended if we fell asleep in her class). unfortunately when she taught us 310 it ended up covering almost entirely prolog and she gave maybe 30 minutes each to some other fundamental ai like neural networks.", "diana is a great comsci prof! lectures were very clear and easy to understand,even though it is quite clear english is probably not her first language. every assignment was quite interesting, and the online peerwise system was a good tool for learning from classmates. great help was always available in her office hours. ta's however were not great.", 'i love her! very clear teaching, but too many projects killed our time and effort... midterms are fair', 'great prof. very kind and helpful! love her!', 'the class is not hard to begin with but she is simply the sweetest woman, who just really wants her students to enjoy and succeed in the class.', 'amazing!', 'diana is very kind, passionate and caring. she enjoys teaching. her lectures and labs are useful for the assignments and exams.', 'this course is really hard if you have no prior programming experience. prof is good but assignments/projects are tricky. tas do not give you enough attention.', 'an exceptionally helpful professor. even for an introductory class, she makes it a total breeze and allows cheat sheet for the midterms/finals. exams are fair, if you studied you will be fine. no questions out of the ordinary. assignments tedious but very helpful and good practice. shes super helpful even during exams! ask her questions! great prof', 'i thought i will failed the course because three of my on class exams got so much lower than class average. maybe i did really good in the final, finally got b+. lab assignment + group assignment are cues to midterm & final coding part. wonderful and nice profi highly recommend her class.', 'she was very helpful and a nice prof. very reasonable and takes a personal interest with students, sure she takes a long time with each individual but she makes sure you understand the material. gives many bonus marks. midterms/exam was long but she acknowledges that and takes it into account when giving out grades.', 'a really nice prof. unlike most university ppl who are filled w/ themselves & their authority, she is very real; the type of person that just loves constant learning & gaining deep insights. she is also passionate w/ teaching the course & imparting her understanding to us.', "great prof, really connects with the students in class. notes are a bit messy and sometimes makes some mistakes but tells us right away via email. labs aren't too difficult, assignments are long and require some time but definitely doable. mt was fair. offers lots of help for students. definitely recommended", "easy course with an easy prof. 10/10 would take again. seriously i barely came to class and i'm acing up the class. she's also very nice too and gives easy questions.", 'great prof! very friend and helpful.', "diana was a great professor. her quizzes and exams are tough, so make sure you are doing the coursework. her lectures are great because she gives analogies for simplifying some of the rather abstract details of the material. she's a super nice prof! go to class and do the work and you'll be sailing.", 'do not take 126 if you have never done programming before.the course content was much harder than 120, but diana was super helpful and caring. after bombing on the midterm and final, i still ended up with an a. the 2 projects might take a lot of time(but its easy to get perfect because of bonus points).', 'she is an awesome professor. she really seems to care that you learn. the course is seriously an easy a if you bother to go to class, listen and follow her instructions on assignments. she gives a lot of free marks. we had 2% for attending a workshop and 1% extra credit. exams and assignments are easy. what more do you want?! def recommend her!', 'helpful and friendly. her lectures seemed somewhat chaotic though.', 'great professor, very enthusistic on the course and very caring as well. cares about having her students succeed. would definitely take a course with her again.', 'good prof. very easy to understand.', 'very fun and easy teacher. midterms are easy as long you understand the material. two large projects took alot of time, but very manageable. great lectures, and you can tell that she cares for the students very much. overall, great professor', 'best prof you could have for this course. extremely caring, she really wants every student to do well.', "she is hands down one of the most caring profs at sfu. you will see early on that she tries her best to make sure that the course flows smoothly and everything is fair and well. her assignments and projects may be long but it's a good learning experience. also, she gives many bonus points! she is one of my favourite profs at sfu so far.", 'good professor but not the best at getting marks back to you efficiently.', "definitely a great professor, good teaching style. she's patient and helpful, would take her course in the future.", 'she was super caring and always listened to the class. even when we did bad on the midterm, she was very receptive and helped us improve. would definitely take a course with her again.', 'great professor! she is very helpful and kind especially if you go to her office hours. if you study her notes and do all the practice questions and labs, her exams are very easy and you get a cheat sheet. last assignment was long. will for sure take a course with her again! iclicker points in class count for marks which is my only complaint.', 'she was a great prof to have, very helpful and clear notes. exams were fair. assignments were a bit long but she explains material well enough for you to do a decent job.', "i am surprised to see why doesn't have a rating of 4.5+. she teaches in an excellent manner that really makes you understand how your code works. no question is a stupid question in her class, she welcomes extra inquiries and slowly goes over anything you do not understand. she waits outside the class for some time if you have any quick questions. her notes are organized and she posts the annotated notes online after the class (bless her!). read over the notes before quiz/test and understand all the iclicker questions and the concepts. that's all you need to good on the exam. don't forget to practice a lot. there are some websites that let you practice your python skills. she lets you use generous amounts of cheat-sheets so do not stress the exams. remember practice is all you need to get a+ in this course.", 'projects are too hard too much work', 'very well thought out teaching style. provided a broad background of the subject and used many invited speakers to compliment her lectures. one of the best cmpt profs at sfu!', 'diana is one of the best profs to take 150 with, she is great at explaining concepts and her notes are stellar! very easy to follow. she engages you in class (doesnt pick on people, she asks questions to engage) & her assignments/exams were helpful and fair overall (you still need to study). very dedicated & helpful professor - highly recommend.', 'well, she is a super nice prof who really cares about her students,,the lab exercises are important and relevant to midterms and projects. the only problem is that people who are good at programming will absolutely do well while those who are not familiar with coding will be suffering for a while,,overall, the prof is excellent!!', "she's a very nice prof. her notes are decent, and the assignments/exams were straightforward (no surprises).", 'pros: very helpful and friendly. supports you throughout the course with small things here and there. simplifies concepts; beginner-friendly. cons: somewhat disorganized, not always clear.', 'by far one of the nicest profs at sfu. if you like the holding hand, she is the one.', "diana is by far one of the best profs i've had thus far at sfu. like others have said, the course can be challenging for people with no programming experience, but diana is always willing to help her students. she emails the class regularly in case people have missed lecture, which is quite handy. cares greatly for her students.", "she allows cheat sheets on her tests, and is overall a very fun teacher to be with. very easy course, yet i learned alot from her. there will be mini-tests every now and then, and although you don't have to attend lectures to get the material, you should still go in case of mini-tests =] overall a really great prof", "she's really helpful and teaches the material well enough for beginners to understand. highly recommended for anyone who needs to take cmpt classes.", 'the model professor. clear, concise, and super nice! i failed first midterm, but after talking to diana and listening to her lectures everything became crystal clear. i ended up getting b+.', "she's really cool. at first i thought lectures were a waste of time, but afterwards i realized how much effort she put into it and started going. she's clearly very helpful and cares about students. always looking out for students (eg extensions)", 'one of the best comsci profs there is. the thing that stands out most is her genuine care for her students. she will teach you until you understand it. take any course with her if you can - especially in the 100 and 200 level courses. she makes sure you have a good foundation for high level courses. mt and final are fair if you do your homework.', 'diana is a saint. "cookie woman", a nickname coined for her, sums her up perfectly, as she is sweet caring and devoted to her students. at first she may come off as unprofessional but she quickly makes up for it by making concepts clear and easy for everyone. i personally did not use the free textbook at all, but she does reference it occasionally.', 'great prof, clear material explanation. super responsible', "great, energetic prof, very interesting to listen to in lecture. if she notices the class is tired, she'll get everyone to get up and stretch! she clearly cares a lot about her students. go to lectures, pay attention, try new things. even with no prior programming experience i still got an a+ entering the final.", 'great prof', 'fantastic introductory professor. it may seem that the material is trivial, but she really does set you up with a great foundation for future computer science courses.', "diana is very sweet - she tries to engage the class and is just very nice. however, i did find her lectures and even the tests disorganized. in fact, her assignments were very unclear (way too long-winded, was confusing), but it's just a language thing. beware of office hour lineups! she will explain for a long time, which causes traffic. )", "wonderful prof. she's obviously very excited and passionate about her work. she's very knowlegbe, at least on the subject of java, and easily accessible for help. she's also quite understanding and leanient on handing in assingments.", "kind and enthusiastic. it's okay if you don't have coding experience because she makes it accessible for beginners. my ta didn't care what we did in labs - just show up 5 out of 11 times. tests consists of mc and handwriting code. mc qs were actually quite hard and similar to iclicker qs. i wanted to sleep through some lectures...", 'she is amazing! diana is funny and kind - and explains things in a way that really sticks in your mind. her examples and demonstrations in class were extremely helpful. she was available for extra help outside of class, and there was a decent amount of assignments. you could tell that she really wants her students to do their best, and to succeed!', 'wow what an excellent prof. she will wake up at 3 am just to email everyone helpful tips to finishing assignments. the assignments are fair and well spaced out through the term. her teaching method is good and i learned lots from the course. i recommend taking macm with her.', 'nice professor as others have said, but her email responses come off as a bit rude.', 'haha, a lot of fun', "diana is awesome! i learned so much about java from her. an easy a+ too. things to note: you won't be taking notes in her lectures as they are largely slides based. don't buy the text book, you'll do just fine with her notes and stack overflow etc. do the lab assignments and it should be a piece of cake! truly a caring prof, one of sfu's finest.", 'diana is so caring and sweet! she does a well job explaining concepts and puts in a lot of effort to make sure you actually learn! it is clear that she is passionate about teaching and knows a lot about cs! and she is happy to adjust grades and extend deadlines if students inform her :)']
['bobby is a very nice guy. his friendly demeanor makes him very approachable inside and outside of lecture. he is very organized with good notes that you print out and follow along with in lecture. his midterms are pretty easy. overall, a very good professor. be warned, cmpt 150 itself is not a fun course, but bobby makes it bearable.', 'extremely helpful during office hours and lectures are clear and straight forward. would take another computing course with this professor. wish the administration would make him a complete faculty lecturer instead of a limited term one.', "he is the best prof ever!i love him! he is cute too.material isn't that easy, require lots of thinking! he is so good at teaching that i can learn most from him! i went to his office hour every week, i didn't need to study too much before finals. i was very relaxed before final. definitely recommended! we love bobby chan!", 'very friendly, caring and nice. but tests are disaster. class average around 60% for midterm and final - midterm worth20% and final worth50%.', 'best prof hands down! clear, understandable and helpful. would definitely recommend taking courses with this prof.', 'he is cute. lecture clearly.', "bobby's first time teaching macm 101. his lectures are very clear and concise. he goes very in depth on counting(very important) and focuses mostly on applications rather than theory. his two midterms are a bit too easy in comparison with other profs but his final exam was hard. if you're a first year, prepare to study a lot. especially for finals!", 'he is excellent and extremely helpful! :)', 'a great teacher and really respected by students. the stuff that he teaches is not easy but the way that he teaches is so clear that he makes it easy to understand.', 'great prof, detailed notes!', 'great prof, responds to feedback, actually cares about students. material for this course is boring and dry though.', 'bobby is a really nice guy who knows his stuff and will explain things to you again if you come in for office hours. the only complaint i have is the manner in which he gave assignments. all assignments were given out way before the material was covered in lecture and sometimes he only finished covering that material 2 days before it was due.', 'bobby is a legend among the cmpt profs at sfu. his lovely smile really compliments his teaching style! but be careful! behind his smile is a really nasty midterm that will make sure you never took his course! xd', 'best prof ever no kidding. he is very helpful, email him if you got any questions.', 'great prof i had even met', 'best cmpt prof i met so far.in last day lecture, everyone stand up and applaud for him.strongly recommand to take everything with him.', 'best prof ever!', "he's so cute!o(&#8745;_&#8745;)o~~ also he's ready to answer ur questions all the time!!", "he is extremely nice and helpful and his exams are fair. he's also pretty cute lol", 'he is the best', 'he is brilliant,calm and always willing to explain to my understanding. keep it up bobby.', "if he could teach all my cmpt courses, i wouldn't hav to use ratemyprofs.com ever again!! dont be fooled by his age, although he's a student himself i think&#63;, he was an excellent prof who explained the topics and information well. he used slides to teach 150 and gave relevant exmples in lecture. his midterms were fair and based on exactly whatwas", 'final question is kinda hard. make sure you work for it. his questions pattern are way different than in class notes. unfortunately his notes not helpful.', "bobby is a well respected prof and is very clear when it comes to explaining,his notes were sometimes messy but it wasn't that much of a problem, very good professor except for the long time it took to mark assignments (a month and a half for assignments haha)", 'teaches very very well, and clears doubts if a need arises. if you can take his class, please take it! and hes super cute too!', 'he is a awesome prof', 'the best prof in sfu!', 'just enjoy his lectures.', 'great prof, explains stuff well and is available outside of class too help. would recommend.', 'hes amazing and super nice. cares about your future and also kind of funny no suprises. gives it how it is.', "best professor i've ever had. i had him for both macm 101 and cmpt 125. don't take those courses with anyone else if you have the option of taking it with bobby. he's super helpful and explains everything very clearly. although his tests can be quite tough, he is always there for you to help you prepare. wholesome guy.", "super young but super inspirational professor! he's working on his phd in theoretical comp sci and what he's teaching (macm101 and cmpt150's course content) is also what he loves doing the most. he also has a very nice way of lecturing and appears to be very helpful and understanding of students' problems.", "he's good and extremely helpful ! :)", 'the best teacher ever!', "bobby is one of my favourites! he's so nice, cracks jokes, non-aggressive, very good at answering questions and doesn't continue the lecture unless you understand his answers. although he doesn't make his own notes, he's good at relaying material to students. the class was a pleasure to take. almost everyone loves him.", 'a really nice prof.', 'great proff..', 'the course is meant to challenge you and you are expected to learn concepts on your own time. fortunately, his lectures prepare you well enough to have resources to solve the assignment problems. the assignments are often vague but contacting him, he clarifies. note that the exams are not difficult so long as you understand every piece of material.', "one of the best professor ever! take it and you won't regret it!", "he's amazing, he smiles all the time, he's extremely helpful and he's lectures are actually helpful", "recommended to print notes for lectures. had a hard time following what was going on because i prefer writing notes from scratch, but once i started printing them, lectures became less painful. he goes very fast & it's difficult to decipher his notes afterwards. he's got excellent verbal explanations though. doesn't give much practice material", 'best prof ever', "an excellent teacher!! notes are very helpful. assignments are fair but he'll provide lots of help. study his notes and you'll do fine on the exams. yup.. he's hot too =)", "bobby is super willing to help his students and explains material very clearly. but he's disorganised. questions were sloppily written, assignments were unclear, and i wonder whether he even reviewed the slides (borrowed from another prof) before lecture. he made the exams and assignments easier as the course went on because averages were low.", "it has been a privilege taking bobby's cmpt course. he is super helpful and encouraging, so no one hesitates to ask questions in his class! also, i like his smile which makes him more friendly-looking and approachable. the textbook was nearly useless. i used it only for practice questions. he is definitely one of the best profs you can take in sfu.", "the project is a hit or miss depending on your group. i unfortunately had a bad group which required me to complete the entire project practically by myself. the exams are based off the slides and you'll probably get away with not attending lectures.", 'great prof', 'modest prof.', 'can i give him 10 out of 5', "it's very helpful to review lecture slides thoroughly and come to every class. if you miss a class, you probably will be fairly behind. cue cards definitely help to remember theorems and remember to practice implementing the data structures and algorithms discussed.", 'best teacher i have ever studied from. great verbal skills, helps understand the concept with utmost ease. would recommend everyone to take the course from him if he is an option.', "nice clear prof! i really wished he'd upload his notes though.", 'great prof, cares about students. office hours extremely helpful!', 'great teacher, nice explain,and try to give you high grade. he is your good choice.', 'final is not that hard. bobby is friendly, always smiling, patient. i want to take his class again. give him 1000 out of 5, hahaha :)', 'bobby is the best! the in class assignment is very helpful.', 'very friendly, cute, nice, the best professor ever got during 3 years in university so far', 'amazing', 'best prof ever, he genuinely cares about his students. take him!', 'note is clear, you can download the powerpoint from his webpage. attending the lecture is useful as he write down key note on the powerpoint during lecture and those note will be covered in exam', 'he is a really great teacher, yet the subject is heavy! his lectures are great, but i recommend to do problems from problem set as they are similar to those on quizzes and exams!!', 'very nice professor, best teacher that i ever met. hope he has cmpt128 next semester.', 'highly recommended, he is very kind and helpful, he explains material very clearly. exams were hard, you really need to know the material well.', 'he really knows how to explain his stuff. if you ask a question in class, he will answer it and make sure you understand it.', 'teaches very very well, and clears doubts if a need arises. if you can take his class, please take it! and hes super cute too! <3', "bobby is a great professor, any help you need, he will give it. he's mostly pretty clear in lecture. the course i found to be very difficult, thankfully it's the last one of its kind i have to take to get a cmpt minor. you absolutely need to attend lecture because the textbook is useless."]
['his slide are crazie good, and he is the best teacheer around.......!!!!!!!!!!!!!', "wacky humour is good. accent is fun. with previous experience in programming, i find his labs a snap, but people around me are floundering. he should be teaching higher level students- he doesn't quite know how to handle people who are clueless about programming.", 'easy final exam (the average was crazzzyyy high). his posted notes covered everything on the exams. assignment were straightforward. labs were never for any marks, yay! would totally like to have this guy again.', 'his slide are f**king good, and he is the best teacher around!!! top funny guy in sfu ~', "he is nice, but expects too high for the students and apprently he doesn't realize that what he's teaching is introduction to vb. if you don't have any vb background, be prepared to drop the course. notes are useless....and assignments are extremely mean!", 'sfu shud hire more prof like john. he knows his db and can teach!', 'knows his stuff, funny, approachable. makes lectures interesting.', "can't say enough good things about him. awesome teacher, and just an awesome person in general.", 'gotta love that a-', 'the man, even though he screws up, makes fun of the fact he screwed up and keeps going. got to enjoy it!', "he is good at explaining things and his notes are crystal clear and covers everything you need (you don't even need to come to class as long as you read his slides). however the assignments and midterm are quite tricky and he gives quite a lot of assignments compared to other profs.", 'good teacher and he is very approachable and helpful to his students', 'his lecture is amazing with perfect-organized slides. he shows everything step by step using a nice example(personly think an example is much more helpful than theorem), so you could understand even if you have no base.', "the best professor i have ever had. do take classes with him you won't regret it.", "if perfection were human and had a british accent, john would be it. he is a fantastic lecturer who makes the class truly enjoyable. john's explanations make total sense and he is dedicated to helping students.", 'such a nice guy, extremely helpful. good sense of humor and of course, a good teacher.', 'you can tell by the way he presents himself in class and speaks with enthusiasm that he loves what he does. his method of delivering lectures is phenomenal and encourages questions in order to be crystal clear. his jokes lighten up the class and maintains a very welcoming atmosphere. i wish he taught every cmpt class offered at burnaby and surrey!', 'had him for the joint cmpt 125 and 127 class, really straight forward and fair exams, just make sure you know how the all the algorithms work (visualization) and the rest is easy.', 'a easy and useful course in cs.', 'he is an excellent professor... very helpful and his notes are just awesome! no need to go through any book, though he recommends one! he explains really well in class as well as his office hours.', 'john is an awesome prof with a great sense of humour! the funny thing about him is he never adds your name after the "hi" when he emails you back. 166 is hard for me since i have no interest in this material and this is just mandatory if joint major. anyhow john is funny and very willing to help. highly recommended lecturer!', 'summer semester, surrey campus. extremely helpful - writes lengthy documents to help us understand, beneficial to those who actually ask for help. got my first a+ in programming!', "one of the best teacher at sfu. his class is well organized: great lectures (you are learning great programming skill), good notes (but don't miss lectures!), good labs (content of labs are rich). assignments and exams are challenging but if you follow lectures+labs and spend enough time, no need to worry to much about them. just enjoy learning!!", "this guy is the bomb! seriously, he's great. lectures are never boring. assignments are long and challenging, but well worth the work. the last part of the assignment (hardest part) is usually worth very little, only for the students that go for the a+'s", 'great prof! his lectures are excellent.', 'very humorous, and knowledgeable prof.', 'very good notes. if evening class lectures become painfully long and boring. :)', 'good prof, best exam marking time ever!', 'funny and extremely helpful~good prof...but honestly,i do not recommend people who have no programming background to take this course!', 'reading straight from the lecture notes was very interesting. :p', 'a very good teaching style. agreed that this class is more difficult that comp sci majors will have you believe, though. does he remind anyone else of pete townsend&#63;', 'he has interest in the course. helps students, read his slides thoroughly if you want to get an a+. his slides are easy to understand but can be misleading if you dont attend the lectures. for midterms, many questions with little time to answer so start with those that you know. assignments take so much time to complete, so start early.', 'amazing prof...very funny guy..will keep you interested by making fun of him self and bringing in mods of games he has coded. very helpful and material is not too tough...one of the best cmpt courses i have taken for sure', "in all my four years at sfu, john edgar is honestly the best teacher of any class i've ever taken. he has a genuine interest in the subject, a great sense of humour and his lectures are extremely helpful. i was abysmal at all things computer-science, and now it all makes perfect sense. do yourself a favour and take his a class with john edgar.", "went into 125 knowing nothing extra and came out very confident with the material. his lectures get boring really quickly, and it's easy to miss details if you don't pay attention. i found his assignments very meaningful, so take the time to do them and don't rush them. exams were very fair and based on the material and assignments."]
['awesome prof.', "torsten is my favorite engl prof. however, this is probably the worst class i've taken with him, and though it was still good, i prefer his shakespeare courses, which everybody should take. some advice: if you like structured courses with specific dates then torsten is not the prof for you.", "kind, funny, engaging prof. class is self guided, especially since sometimes torston seems scattered and unable to be critically analytical about material. sometimes his lectures can come across as plot summary rather than helpful lit discussions. so unorganized that it hinders student's abilities", 'torsten is an amazing prof! great, engaging discussions, and open class plan - makes for a great teaching environment. his quirky attitude and chocolate addiction makes him a great person to hang around with and have class with. highly highly recommended! and he really knows his shakespeare stuff!!!', 'extraordinarily empathetic prof who is flexible with respect to assignments, deadlines, etc.; fun, enthusiastic, and well-read', 'good prof, hard assignments, math intensive, should have more code in lectures.', 'torsten is interesting, kind, honest, and genuine, and supportive. absolutely loved his classes!', 'great prof.! creates an open class environment condusive to intelluctual discourse; funny, friendly, knowledgable on subject matter; intrested in seeing students succeed. recommended, wholeheartedly.', 'torsten is a really good, funny and interesting prof. good job, torsten!', 'easy tests, super long homework - helpful and easy to approach guy', "overall, torsten is a great professor. very laid back and easy to talk to. he seems really interested in what he's teaching. however, he's very easily distracted and somewhat disorganized during lectures. he always seems prepared to deliver an amazing lecture, but he gets so distracted by the class that sometimes he doesn't get to the good stuff.", 'great prof, start your labs early. got extremely high mark from him', 'torsten is the best english professor at sfu. he is incredibly intelligent and offers great insight into the text. he makes shakespeare fun to learn and his lectures are always interesting. very understanding and a very nice person.', 'laid back, interesting, able to fill seminar voids with engaging thought. also very funny, makes class enjoyable.', "excellent prof!!! very nice, very funny (at least i think so), and shows that he is passionate about what he's teaching. definitely recommend him, one of the best at sfu.", 'torsten is fantastic. lectures are painless, assignments are explained clearly, no final!, fun in class group play, nice guy and generally picks good material. thumbs up! sfu better give him tenture before he gets a better offer.', 'torsten is by far my favourite prof, in any faculty! very nice, knowledgeable, un-intimidating, and funny to boot! if structure is your thing...what are you doing in the arts&#63; keeps a light environment and understands the pressures of being an undergrad. take as much as you can with him!', "torsten is an awesome prof. very understanding in assignments. very approachable. a chocolate addict who loves his shakespeare. if you can't decide which course to take, take his!", "torsten is the nicest guy ever. ever. he's really engaging, i always listen in class and he's hilarious too. totally understanding with extensions and stuff. but don't take advantage of him, he's too good a person for that! :)", 'interesting course.', "he is by far the best prof i've had a st sfu. not only does he give a simple quiz at the end of the term as his final, but he is extremly passionate about his work and is always evoking laughter. you are fortunate if you can get into one of his classes, he'll make your semmester", "such a great professor i've enrolled in his class 3 times...great class to take to gain credits with ease..he made my 4 course load feel like 3.", 'he was a really funny prof and a good teacher, but id have to say i hate early shakespeare...talk about dull and boring! no offence thorsten..you were a great prof!', "torsten was a great prof. he really knows what he's talking about and his lectures are always interesting and funny. he makes reading shakspeares plays really enjoyable, and helps students understand the deeper meaning in the plays.", "best prof in english dept(not tenured yet to boot). actually believes the theory should inform the text, a rare novelty at sfu's usually theory driven lackies. take him for as much as you can. can't believe someone thinks he's hot!!", 'numerous students are dissatisfied with this course, but perhaps we should direct our anger towards the ta, not the professor. the word &quot;harsh&quot; is not enough to describe the ta. i have never spent so much time on an assignment only to receive 10%. on the other hand, i find torsten genuinely interested in the course material, smart, & helpful.', 'mixes philosophy with shakespeare. a caring person who loves teaching. a very worthwhile professor. highly recommended!', 'wonderful annecdotes and casual style... knows his subject.', "chaucer! well torsten spends more time talking about &quot;things&quot; than actually learning chaucer. no syllabus given out for what, when things are expected. not someone who follows time-lines or structure. nice guy tho'. but, the question remains to be seen: can he teach chaucer&#63;", "torsten's great. 'nuff said.", 'just a really nice guy', "one of the most easy-going, helpful, engaging profs i've ever had. he knows his stuff, and he actually cares that his students learn it, too. he is beyond reasonable, understanding, and witty. anyone who says otherwise is just afraid to be out-classed. attend just one day--just the first class, please, and judge for yourself.", "very nice guy, easy-going and empathetic towards student's needs. funny sense of humour and really into his shakespeare. made the material understandable.", "awesome teacher. made shakespeare fun! you're missing out if you don't take an english course with him. one of the best!", "torsten is an awesome prof! he's super nice, understanding of student's stressful schedules & very knowledgeable about course material. he loves teaching, esp. shakespeare, and it shows. definitely take a class with him if you can! best eng. prof i've taken at sfu. another awesome one: steve collis. good luck!!", "i'm never intimidated in torsten's classes. i was never one to participate that much in seminars but in his classes he puts you at ease and responds well to even dumb questions! makes you feel like you know stuff and always motivates students.", 'great prof, great class. very enjoyable. very easy going in regards to assignments. makes the class come alive.', "torsten is a great prof. sometimes goes off on very hilarious tangents. the most understanding prof i've had when it comes to assignments.", 'the course covers a lot of content and the assignments are very long. but the prof is great, he explains things very thoroughly in the lectures. i learned a lot.', 'torsten is my favorite english prof. however, if you dislike profs that tend to go off on tangents he may not be for you.', 'awesome. makes learning this subject interesting and fun. this is the way teachers were meant to teach. his lectures are funny and he managed to make a boring topic really interesting... best proff to have... i would recommend all of his classes whether they are interesting or not...', 'torsten was a great prof, he is very intellignet and knows his shakespeare. he made class interesting and you were never bored. reading shakespeare was made easier and alot more fun. highly recommended that people take his classes. he never gave out too much work.', "torsten rocks!!!! he is incredibly laid back and you feel it in his lectures. they are enjoyable and you leave learning a few things too!!! super understanding and picks some great material to read. i loved him sooo much im taking 342 with him in the fall. he's awesome. you will think so too! best english prof i've encountered at sfu!!!"]
['he is one of the best prof i have met in sfu! good quality and good grade~', "had him for 2 other classes prior to this. course content is easy, but exams can be very tricky (he takes pride in tricky mc). he's still a good prof, and takes his job very seriously. i like the lecture format, but assignments were tedious and long, while exams were trickier than they needed to be for a 200 level course", 'this guy is great! extremely good lecturer. the textbook isn\'t required if you attend the class and take his "fill-in-the-blank" notes. and if you don\'t want to do that, ask a friend before the exams, and they\'ll most likely send them to you (try making one friend atleast!). the exams for this class, in particular, were all based around his notes.', 'easy!', 'great guy. he knows his stuff well. fun lecture. assignment are fair and related to the materials in the course.', "brian's lectures are great and you get a lot out of his classes that can help you in future like co-op terms. didn't had to prepare a lot extra for the exams, if you can do good in your assignments that it gets easier. if brian is teaching any class, and you take from someone else, then it is a mistake!", 'easy assignment/project and tough exam. you need to remember a lot of stuff to pass the exam. the curve is applied to this course. so pay more effort on the exam and you will be succeed.', 'excellent prof, super helpful, patient, super nice, very approachable', 'great professor, extremely clear and concise. be warned, assignments are incredibly time consuming, quite a few group assignments. exams fair but you need to study study study. no offbeat questions -if you studied you were fine. extremely helpful in office hours/email if you need assignment help.', 'he always tries to be a better professor, and that is the best part.', "i've taken around 5 courses with brian, and all have been great experiences. he makes the content easy to understand plus assignments are very much related to the topic discussed in lectures. if you can do the assignments, then you will do good in exams.", 'fabulous professor with absolutely amazing teaching skills. keeps everything interesting, and tries his best to help out his students. the exams and assignments were all fair game, yet, far from easy. you will learn a lot by having him as your prof. recommended very very much!', 'the best prof i have ever had in my life', 'one of the best choices you could make for a professor and course combination.', 'a great prof.definitely take a course with him,if you have a question go to his office and ask,its very helpful.', "he's simply awesome! he discusses everything thoroughly, highly entertaining, and he likes to keep his students engaged. his exams could be a little tough, but it's reasonable.", 'amazing professor. well guided and prepared lectures and you learn a lot. only thing to watch out for is that this class (cmpt433) is one of the hardest courses i have ever taken in terms of workload. you will learn a lot but i also had no life outside of school lol', 'glad computer science department has this guy. he is great!', "good instructor. put in the effort and you'll learn a lot. his assignments are not trivial; exams were fair.", "awesome proff, probably the best you may ever have. he made a difficult and tedious course rather enjoyable and got students engaged in computer programming. the midterm was fair and so was his exam. the exam was leaning on the more difficult end though. take a course with him a didn't regret it one bit. his awesomeness guarantees good grades.", "he's definitely very interested in the material and knows his stuff. overall the course was a little unfocused but still a lot of useful stuff here.", 'assignments are quite fair and his lectures are very informative', "he's keeping his enthusiasm and perfection just like 5 years ago when he started teaching at sfu. his lectures are very informative and clear. assignments are there to help you understand the material and help you prepare for your exams. if he teaches a difficult class you haven't taken, take that class with him.", 'great professor. very helpful and clear. some assignments can be long, but you can always go for extra help. midterm was fair.', "good guy, gives videos to help with assignments that are pretty easy for what you should know at this level. only complaint is he scales up how much you need for a decent grade by quite a bit so be confident that you can get at least 80% if you want something that won't break your gpa. also check you can run android studio it is a memory hog.", 'he is the best prof i have ever had. keeps the class interesting, great class examples and very useful labs. have never learned this much from anyone before. he is clear and approachable.', 'ill say he is definitely the best prof in sfu. extremely knowledgeable and willing to help. assignments and project are very practical and useful in future. take any course with him for real learning.', 'great prof, took his other classes before as well and he taught them just as good. challenging in the beginning but everything becomes crystal clear as you approach the final exam. make sure you understand all his notes (not too many confusing topics) and you will get a good mark.', 'very nice and very helpful. he is not just a prof, he is a great friend!! one of the best in sfu!', 'brian is a really good professor, exams are reasonable, assignments are hard but possible to do. however, sometimes his assignments expect a lot out of you!!! he says he could do the assignment in a few hours, well yes because he has so much experience, but for students 1-2 weeks is not even enough, so expectations can get quite high.', 'he does his best to make material quite interesting during lectures. all the assignments are very practical as they are something you can actually use outside class. he is very accessible and cares a lot about his students. be aware: heavy group projects, lectures are important as he tests something he only talks in lecture but are no in the notes.', 'really good professor', 'awesome professor! takes the time to review the previous lecture and explains all slides in thorough detail. his lectures are always informative and entertaining, makes having an early class worth it :p', 'pros: -group project is very useful (agile development method is used pretty much everywhere now) -lectures are crystal clear -kind and generous in general and very open to feedback from students cons: -quizzes are very tricky', "truly the best prof i've ever had. in my 4th year now, i still can't forget how awesome he was.", 'mind blowing lectures, assignments are given crystal clear marking schemes, summaries are provided for easy studying for mid-terms and finals. focus in class for an easy a.', 'great professor. one of the best at sfu. always open to helping students after class and during office hours. has helped me a lot with c programming.', 'nice', 'lots of fill-in-the-blanks. can ask anonymous questions on piazza. definitely enthusiastic. class average is high. grade will be scaled down.', 'he is the best cmpt prof.', 'one of the best prof. i actually look forward to his classes.', 'one of the best profs! he encourages people to participate in lecture, and loves getting asked. his lectures are very helpful.', "if all my courses were with brian, i'd be the happiest person in the world. he really has a way of delivering the content in a very meaningful and engaging way. he is able to abstract ideas and make them relatable to everyone. furthermore, he is super helpful at all times, and even stays late for his students. )"]
['interesting, but crappy assignments. well prepared and concise.', 'really nice prof, explains everything really good, good notes, interesting class', 'one of the most decent profz at sfu cs deparment', 'brings his diverse and interesting industry experiences to class.', "he the best prof in cmpt sci, period. too bad he's gone :(", 'very dedicated about his work, on his email around 6 hours a day (no joke), hard class but well worth it.', "he's great !!!", "the best cmpt i've ever had. humorous. strong industry experience.", "great prof, one of the best i've had in my 4 years. concise but lot of reading!", 'often great lectures but too much notes. a lot of mistakes in the notes too. and too much reading off the notes in class makes some lectures a bit dull. also too many emails to keep track of in mailing list.', 'what a great guy! very funny during lectures, and always willing to help students. he can get a bit arrogant, but deservedly so - he knows his stuff.', "simply the best overall cmpt prof i've had, and i've had a lot. 275 ruled!", 'hard midterm and final. his assignments are good for understanding of the course.', "wow. i can't think of a better prof than russel in my university experience so far. it's not any one thing but if anything, i'd say it's the way he makes it easy to listen to his lectures and the way treats students. very flexible. sometimes not clear on what he's going to test you on, so you gotta read a lot, but can't complain at all.", 'good teaching but high workload', 'very informative professor', 'best cmpt prof ever. very entertaining. outstanding lecture notes', 'teaching is fairly thorough. but, he is very arrogant and cocky.', 'took 370 with him too. you learn a lot from him, very dedicated but tough', "dr. tront is an incredibly smart man who was very passionate about what he taught and his tests were fair. i hope he's enjoying himself at ea :)", "an excellent prof. too bad he's gone now.", 'the best instructor i have ever had. period.', 'excellent professor with excellent attitude. gives a lot of relevant examples', 'can anyone name a better cs prof than this guy&#63;', 'he is funny!', 'practical prof, practical experience. one of the best prof in my university life.', 'good notes but heavy workload', 'best professor i had at sfu. love him dearly.', 'easy', 'looks like bilbo baggins, but was a great prof...', "you'd better memorize all coursepacks and books before heading to his final, if you want a good grade.", "he's a good prof. very smart. too bad he's leaving teaching to work for ea. wish him all the best!"]
['basically everything that can be said about dr. vaughan already has been. he is an awesome prof, speaks english clearly, is not boring, is interested in the subject, gives interesting homework and his exams are not too hard. i am going to take cmpt401 with him.', "don't leave the labs till the last minute. if you have solid foundation on c, you should be fine.", 'actually has some spirit and cares what his students think. a rookie prof but shows good promise!', "if you are taking courses to learn, this is 'the' course to take!!! he has very interesting assignments and i would recommend him to anyone that asks. if you are in it for easy marks i would seriously not consider taking this course with him.", "one of the best profs for cs. can't go wrong with him. he is extremely knowledgeable and respectful. makes very clear points and tells you the potential of things you do making the content intriguing. the course is an easy a+. i loved coding myself so the labs are easy to me even that i didn't know any c before.", "great prof !!!!! i love this guy. he made everything interesting and didn't go too far into details. gave an excellent sample midterm, with questions that appeared on the actual one. ex. for 3 marks, what is an operating system&#63; great guy. i got an a-. i spent a lot of time on his projects, but i actually learned about operating systems. go for it!", "very clear and entertaining prof; lectures were enjoyable and informative. a bit too laid back at times, and pretty slow in marking stuff. first time teaching, he'll get even better.", 'great prof. coursework is meant to be challenging and vague to prepare you for programming in the real world.', 'richard rocked. he actually managed to make operating systems interesting, which was great. the assignments were fun, the lecturees (when he had them) were useful. take 300 with the guy, way better than someone like bart or randomasianprof2092.', 'great prof, would learn again. a++', "the labs get difficult quickly, but richard and the tas are extremely helpful. keep up or you'll fall behind and have to work extra hard as he gives tips on the latest labs.", "i echo the sentiments of the other reviews. he's an excellent professor.", 'i failed the midterm but managed to get an a on this course. take it with him if you are really there to learn.', "managed to turn a dry subject into an interesting class. highly recommended. he makes the nicest slides of any prof i've ever seen.", "vaughanator didn't turn out to be that bad of a prof afterall. his assignments were generally long but do-able, and his final was fair. he also took time to help students in the lab, possibly because the ta's for the class seemed to be inexistant :/ . overall decent prof.", "this course counts towards your gpa now. we only got through 9 out of 11 labs, and the automatic grading for the last one took so long to be released that the deadline for the labs (there's only one deadline!) was delayed by a week. paying attention to the in-lab lectures and asking questions will help you a ton.", "he is a little intimidating at first because he obviously expects a lot from his students, but his one on one help is amazing. he was very patient and even went to a white board to explain a concept to me that i didn't get, i owe getting an a on my 125 midterm entirely to him. there should be more courses like this, a lot of pressure but it helps!", "excellent professor. he teaches this course like no other course is taught at sfu. i highly recommend it, with him, if you are smart, hard working, and willing to learn. he doesn't hold your hand, and you will have to learn some things on your own), but we're not here to learn online tutorial material. theory and experience is why we're here.", 'great prof. relatively easy on material, lots of material though. great for linux people. generally a nice person.', 'great professor, very interested in distributed systems and aims to teach you all he knows.', 'this class does not count in your gpa but is a required class for cmpt major. the professor is really helpful and motivating.', 'very decent. passionate about the subject he is teaching. concise explanations and nice british accent. posts slides online. midterm was 100% textbook questions, final was 40% textbook questions; difficulty is fair to hard. hw can be challenging. takes him forever to mark assignments--very thorough about checking for copied hw.', "he's a fantastic professor, wish he taught cmpt 125 as well. he's very helpful and the labs are very interesting. there are quite a few to finish but you only need to do 75% of them to pass the course.", 'lol...he rocks ... lol']
['he is the best prof you could have ever', 'this is one of the best courses i have taken in my entire educational life. thank you greg from the bottom of my heart for instructing an amazingly great ml class. if i could, i would have taken this course 10 times more. greg is the best prof i have ever seen in my entire life. very difficult course, at least for me. requires 100%dedication.', 'loved him. excellent professor', "really good prof!!! (hands down) he does a really good job at explaining the material and if you don't get something he will be happy to help you during the office hours. the assignments were a do-able but the third assignment with the red/black trees was a pain. 1 midterm (very easy) and 1 final (hard). good luck!!!", "fair assignments and tests. very sympathetic of students, it's like he still remembers what it's like to be one :o also, very sexy.", "awesome prof. however, he's a little dismissive of genetic algorithms. ;p", 'a very good professor! he is good at this field and his teaching style is humorous and friendly. grading is fair.', "the best prof i've ever had. although i won't get a good grade, but greg is the best.", 'really well organized course for any individual who want to get involved in the world of machine learning and its application', 'great prof. take 225 with him even if you have to wait.', "machine learning is a tough course. the heavy math prereq of an a in every ug math course is not just for show, so know what you're getting into beforehand. greg takes a topic with tons of complexity and abstract high-dimensional concepts and explains them clearer than anyone else could without dumbing things down. you will learn amazing things.", 'very good prof. excellent teaching ability. very clear, funny, and down to earth about a complex theoretical subject. his assignments are not the easiest but he was overall fair i think.', "young & engergetic prof, always try to make lectures fun tho the material is so dull; allows cheat sheets; long assignments (could be done in groups); he made ai even more awesome; robot soccer!! don't get frustrated by huge pile of readings; just follow his notes", "greg's lectures are great, although the assignments are really tough.", 'the best prof ever. extremely easy and very interesting. if you get a chance to take a class with him do it!', 'one of the best professor, just do all the assignments you will get good grade , and yeh the exams are bit hard ..', 'i do suggest you to take his course. he is really patient and nice. you will get everything you need to know about cmpt225 after taken his course.', "excellent prof. lectures are informative and interesting. you learn excellent techniques that are practical in real life. very helpful. one of the best profs i've ever had! if he is teaching, take that course!", 'he is very easy to follow, awesome lectures but... he rushes through the course quite a bit.', 'he is great! he knows what he is talking about and keeps you busy with the right materials.', "this is the best computing science professor i've ever had. for every new thing we learn, he gives examples; if someone has a question, he is always willing to answer. also, his assignments are entertaining (but a bit hard). i would definitely recommend.", "amazing professor! this course is *not* for you unless you really want to learn. and if you do, you'll find it amazing. mori covers tons of material, but in an extremely clear and understandable manner. he's really smart, and also really modest, so he's very approachable. exam was very fair, and the assignments really reinforce the material.", 'great prof. knowledgeable, good lectures, interesting assignments, available for help. i recommend taking 310 with him.', 'great prof. in teaching and relation with students.', 'excellent professor! he cares students so much that although some materials in lecture might be hard, he will explain and show examples more than once until he made sure that everyone can understand. you will find the course under his teaching become interesting. some assignments takes time, but both ta and he will give detailed instruction!', 'great prof', 'sooo easy', 'excellent prof. i was very scared of programming because i did not understand the concepts so well. after taking the course with him, i feel more comfortable, still scare, but not as much. he is always there to help. i always asked questions during and after class; and office hours and he was always helpful, clear and patience. got a+ and was top 4', 'great prof. will take his course again at any cost.', '(cmpt 419/726, fall 2015) do not underestimate the prereqs; this is the hardest undergrad cmpt course at sfu. i recommend taking at least math 251 and 309, and stat 285. greg has a superhuman skill to explain machine learning in depth but also with clarity, a rare combination in post-secondary. he also responds to emails blazing fast.', 'best computing science prof at sfu. if you have the chance to take this course with him, do it.', "really good prof for 225, lectures were long but very clear. easy to understand and very open to questions. assignments were defs not easy but take 225 with him, if you need any help go to his office hours or email - you'll get a fast reply! great comp sci prof, he really cares & wants students to do well.", 'two words, great prof!', 'first of all, this is not an easy class in anyway, but this site is about the professor. greg mori is one of the best professors i have ever had in sfu. he makes sure that all the students understand the material, he is super friendly and i would take any class with him again, even though i did poorly in this class.']
["amazing prof. i'm a student that skips a lot of classes, but i will go to this guy's every class. his notes are 9/10 but his lectures are 10/10 (everything is clear after the lecture!). now onto the bad parts, his labs are extremely long, but not difficult, but at the same time fun. crazy right&#63; i didn't believe it myself.", "awesome prof! young, energetic and helpful. clear and complete notes. too bad, he'll leave, just after two weeks. i don't know how well he knows about computing science but he definitely knows how to teach a first year cs class which most of the other profs at sfu don't.", 'overall a very amusing lecturer. he brings a new sense of energy to the class and still focuses on his lectures.', "great prof! his work load is a bit much but nothing too bad. definitely doable and worth doing since the concepts find their way in the quizzes and definitely the final exam. he's more than reasonable and always willing to help! his notes are amazing and he programs during lectures so the lectures are definitely worth attending! overall, amazing!!!", "one of the best profs ever. funny and uses a lot of cultural refrences (telling us to not bit torrent to download the vb program cus sfu has a download archive area). swears in his lectures. course was a lot better than the surrey version of cmpt 110. quizzes are open book, open notes. mt and final, you're allowed to bring 4 page cheatsheet!", 'simply amazing! this guy is as close to the text-book definition of "perfect" as far as professors go. passionate, helpful, reasonable and his notes are gold. i didn\'t have prior programming experience, but i still received an a+ in his class! just study his notes, attend the lectures, ask for help, do his assignments, and you\'ll be fine. =]', 'he is a very interesting guy and knows what he is talking about although he reads through his notes. his notes are very clear but dont be decieved .....when the guy says he is going to fail one third of the class he will fail it. so i highly recommend take another proff but have his notes. his marking is allover the place. dont take this proff.', 'awesome prof! very clear. lecture notes are really useful. reasonable tests.', 'great prof. if you keep up with the material and and start your assignments early, you will do well. colin is a very clear, entertaining, and funny lecturer.', "really cool, funny guy. this class was easy for me, since i had experience with the content already, but he's a great instructor.", "he's a cool guy. extremely helpful, especially outside of lecture. but, the course load is way too much for a level 100 course and his assignment difficulty is way too hard for the scope of this course. he stacks up projects and assignments so be wary if you;re going to have him. he also goes over class time.", "overall, i would say hes a good teacher. he posts lecture notes and goes through them in class and does examples. lab work relates to his lecture notes, 2 projects, 1 mt, 4 quizzes and 50% final. material isn't super hard but is workable. i found his class okay enough though i have no prior programing knowledge.", 'great prof. for me, he really opened wide the world of computing science. marking was fair and transparent. he encouraged questions and had a genuine interest in promoting understanding of the content. outside of class, he was always available during his office hours and provided all the tools and explanations necessary to complete any assignment.', 'one of my favour profs in sfu!!!an awesome, funny guy. course content is really useful. just try to do all the labs and pay attention to his notes, you will be find. have fun with his quiz bonus quesions!!lol~', "i took cmpt 120 with this prof.(he said he didn't like to call himself as 'prof'). anyway, his note is very clear and easy to understand, but lab and projects are needed time to finish. midterm and quizzes are getting to difficult and then final exam is extremely hard. be aware that 1/3 ppl will be fail!", "his assignment requires lots of work but definitely doable, and he's always available for help. for those complaining about the length of his projects, take a class with diana. if you wanna actually learn stuff and willing to put effort into this course, take it with him. and he scales everyone up at the end, so not that hard to ace it at all.", 'i would advise you not to take this prof if you are trying to bring your gpa up because he will definetely crash it.....dont take him', "the final exam was pass or fail for the whole couse no matter if you did well before. you are expect to work super hard in his class. forget about having fun if you don't already enjoy programming.", "great prof. had him a year ago, don't know if he still teaches here. notes crystal clear, simple and goes over things in lecture very well. assignments easy but projects may need a little bit of effort. marks & tests very fairly", "if you're thinking of taking this course as gpa booster then think again. you will regret taking this course with this prof. his last two projects are extremely difficult and the text book was pretty useless. i'm warning you avoid taking this course with this prof.", 'this guy is amazing,he is nice and super helpful just go to his office hrs and you will be fine. his project is ok.. if you dont know how to do the things you can go through the ppt that he sent out.', 'nice teacher~ and easy mark~ but you need to really understand your exercises and do your exercises and projects~! final was not hard as projects~ and he curves the final,so you can get better grade!', "tok this course distance ed! wouldn't suggest you do if you cant handle elarning by yourself and guess/check type methods. programming requires a lot of testing and re-testing. the webct forums were littered with &quot;im lsot, help&quot;, &quot;i have no clue what to do&quot;. and i guess thats why when i got a 77 it turned out to be an a.", 'awesome prof! colin programs during his lecture, which is terrific. go to class, do the labs and you will ace this course. it boosted my gpa :)', 'i took this course as a gpa booster and indeed my gpa went up (i had previous experience with xhtml/css). his final exam however was a killer (for most students). the final question required full understanding of python: we were required to build an online shopping cart. the material was covered... but the last question was too damn long!', "funny prof. but you need to know python well and prepare to code and debug. best prof to be recommanded for cs students. may not be good if you don't know python.", "i took this course over a year ago and still talk about colin. such a young, funny lecturer, but 95% of the class was international so i suspect no one got his sense of humour. hard class if you've never programmed before but colin is always available for help. super funny/easy bonus questions", "i like him!!! he is a good teacher! but you need to work a little hard on his course.. he does give hard project, but he is a reasonable guy. the notes are there and he is helpful. if you try you will have fun time with him~ do attend to his class, cuz he's class is funny."]
['great professor ! very kind and helpful.', "dr funt is a great prof, he spearheaded getting this course switched to matlab which is way more useful for most people who have to take it. he clearly wants the best for his students, and is very helpful. assignments can be a little tricky, but they're interesting and instructive. all the tests were very fair.", 'great professor. brian explains the points very clear and the homework was very interesting, although time consuming.', "nice prof, very helpful. it's better to learn from him than other computer vision books.assignments are useful and pratical, exams are relatively hard.", 'could have used some practice questions', "dr. funt is a very helpful,funny, caring teacher. he even me offered extra help outside the course content. one of the best professors i've had. a+ hands down. very clear and reasonable in all testing and teaching aspects.", "an approachable educator who definitely knows what he's teaching. his lecture slides are useful, though basic. so, you need to master the in class examples to complete the homework. though he is decent at explaining things, i found the ta even more helpful than him. my only suggestion for dr. funt is that he boil down to simpler terms when teaching", 'no textbook so you need to go to class. always available for help and you can always ask questions in class. allows cheat sheet for exams. only need short to medium length answers for exams, but you have to think. course is easier if you have math 251, 314 but still okay without it.', "funt is a great prof. just make sure you dont play on the computers during lecture! he does not like that. just listen and you'll be fine.", 'brian is a great prof for cmpt 102: he has good knowledge in matlab and he is passionate in teaching it . i would say attending lectures is quite important for this course, as there are "to-tries\' for every lecture. it\'s a great opportunity since you code with ppl there to answer questions. it\'s an easy a if you do the practice in class.', 'wow, best professor ever met. his lecture is very interesting. the material is challenging in a good way. assignments are very helpful. one classmate got a well paid job by talking about one of the assignments we did in this course. prof funt is very patient to students and their questions. very supportive for extra helps.', 'great prof, he explains every concept in detail and uses analogies to help with understanding. puts very good effort into extra help for students that have questions.', 'hard but awseome prof! gives very high marks.', 'difficult but fair exam questions, easy marking, a very interesting prof, sometimes unclear.', 'woooo mamma', "i love professor funt. this class would be a lot harder if it wasn't taught in csil. matlab was a way better language to learn than java or c++. i thought i would hate it, but this class is awesome.", 'great prof. hard exam.', 'nice guy with a very hands-on teaching style. my main complaint is that he offers no practice questions even though most of the course is heavy on math, so the only way to study for exams is to understand the abstract concepts and then hope you can solve calculation problems during the exam. if he gave written problems he would be awesome.', "complex concepts, but the difficulty of tests was balanced. you need to understand all those concepts (hard) but once you did, you'll get reasonably good mark on tests (easy) 'cause the questions themsselves are simple (frankly i expected more chalenges and studied accordingly so maybe i feld it was easy...)", 'astonishing professor. he can explain the most complicated things so well and makes the subject so sweet and useful. although he is very mathematical in class, his tests do not require much math. he just wants to to &quot;understand&quot; the concept. gives suprisingly high marks! 100% recommended!', 'this course combined actually a lot of learning without a huge onerous work load. we demoed are projects to the ta which gave immediate feedback. dr. funt was struggled having to teach some reasonably dense mathematics to class with a pretty diverse mathematical background but seemed to be able to convey the essential ideas successfully.', 'one of the best profs out there. he tries his best to help you learn what the course is about. there was some difficult math in this course but he worked hard at making sure you understood it. if you need help he has no problem helping you and is very encouraging.']
["even when dealing with family problems during the semester, geoffrey still finds a way to cater to students before exams and assignment due dates with extra office hours. he's the type of professor that is more than willing to explain things again during office hours if you're stuck on an assignment or don't understand a concept. huge respect!", 'geoff is amazing. his lecture slides are perfect and super helping. he makes every concept very clear and straightforward. he is by far the best instructor in comp sci department.', "honestly, you probably won't get a better professor than geoff for 259. he is very organized and is also a nice guy in terms of marking/scaling/accessibility. pretty funny too! the midterms can be a bit vague/difficult, but the material itself is not that hard.", "his lectures are really good and he is very organized. he's also decently funny and very friendly. there really aren't any cons to him. two thumbs up", "he is a really nice person. use hie office hour, it will help you a lot. do the assignment asap and ask any question you don't know. midterm and final are ok. do all the lecture note's questions, that is the key to pass this class.", "geoff was really great! i personally thought he was one of the best lecturers i've had at ubc. he's very clear and concise with concepts and what you need to know for the course, and he patiently answers any questions that arise in class. in office hours, he'll be very determined to help you solve any problems you have!", "superb instructor! very clear lectures with great examples and explanations. he definitely knows his stuff and can answer any questions that come up. cpsc221 as a course is fairly heavy in material by nature so i don't blame geoff for the difficulty. lectures are often very funny as well!", 'assignments and exams are tough but he is there for you .if in doubt, ask him questions via e-mail, attend office hours. stays well over his office hours if students need help. he is the kind of professor we need in our department.', "one of the better profs i've had in my time at ubc. lectures are very clear, very engaging with humor that's actually funny and not a desperate call for engagement. prepares you really well for the exams.", 'helpful when asked. assignment criteria is clear. little feedback for marks. rarely open to understanding an answer from another point of view. lectures are often dull.', 'good teaching skill but the final is hard for this semester. one of my friend said it was easy last year.', 'all around solid professor. does a great job in lecture of explaining concepts thoroughly. grading criteria is very detailed and fair. would take his course again.', 'he is the best cs prof at ubc i had ever met. his lecture ppt and notes are clear and pretty helpful. he makes a very hard course easier. i definitely recommend you to take his classes. really nice guy.', "geoff is a very clear lecturer. he also gives good help in his office hours. he is a difficult professor though (tough tests and assignments). he'll teach you well, but he'll expect a lot out of you.", 'very amicable and helpful in one-on-one interactions, especially during office hours. however, lectures can get somewhat monotonous, which might just be a reflection of the course material. make sure to clarify questions during exams because some of them can be worded ambiguously.', "one of the best computer science profs ever. i wish he would go over more binary search tree's though.", "geoff is an amazing instructor. although his midterms and exams can be slightly vague and a bit hard at times, he puts his very best in explaining concepts in lectures (do go for his lectures). he is pretty generous with his office hours (do go for his hours, it's pretty empty) and is very patient in making sure you understand thoroughly.", "pay close attention in lecture and you'll save yourself time later on the assignments and on the exams. do the problems he provides in class. geoffrey is very helpful during office hours and after lecture. while the grading scheme is not easy, he is very fair and will go over your assignments with you to show what you need to work on.", "geoff delivers good lectures and is helpful in his office hours. his assignments are above average difficulty (compared to john edgar's which are viewable online). his exams are quite difficult and he gives you no way to prepare for them. overall, he teaches well with kind of hard assignments, but asks unreasonably difficult questions on the exam.", "the only thing i can say is that if you're having trouble, go to his office hours. he can be a little disorganized during lecture but i guarantee you'll be able to clear things up if you talk to him in private. yes, his exams are hard but they get scaled.", 'i love him.', "geoff is a very good professor. he's clear in lecture and in his expectations for what you should know. he's pretty quick to help you via e-mail too. his exams and assignments are neither super difficult not easy, they were pretty reasonable in my opinion.", "go to his office hours! probably one of the nicest and passionate guys i've met so far in the field (i saw him stay for hours beyond his scheduled hours if students needed the help). my only issue with him is the range in difficulty of the assignments. they are either very easy or painfully hard. start the assignments asap so you can ask for help.", 'he has been really helpful during office hour and explained materials well. also the marking criteria are well justified. the only thing that might catch you off guard is the amount of effort each assignment requires. try to do them asap and ask for help if you are stuck somewhere. midterm and final are alright with a few tricky questions.', 'his lectures are very clear and concise, and he is always willing to answer questions. so the lectures become quite easy to follow. he is nice and helpful in his office hours(4 hrs per week). take 221 with geoff!!!!', "geoff's no doubt a great prof, and though some of my peers think he's a little monotoned, i find his lectures to be very clear and i love how he explains the difficult concepts to you as if you were an 8 year old. super easy to follow, super easy to understand. he's accessible during his office hours, answers questions very patiently.", "geoff is a good professor. had him as a sessional lecturer at ubc for our intro algorithms course. the midterm was easy but the final was hilariously difficult - i'm not sure if half the class passed before scaling. just know how to apply the material - you can expect many coding questions on his exams."]
['he so was the count. good prof, fair assignments and exams. take 201 with him.', 'very good professor, but difficult course content. he explained everything very well. the homework was not to long but it was difficult. his midterm and final exam seemed intimidating at first but they were manageable.', 'he is not &quot;hell&quot; at all!!!', 'very hard course, one of the hardest among cmpt courses.his teaching skill is above average.the assignments are very time consuming (one assignment per week).exams seem intimidating, but actually fair after u take a closer look', 'lectures with clarity! easy to understand, great prof', 'good prof good lectures', 'you have to really work hard!', 'great proof. killer final but very nice curve. as long as you attend all the lecture and take notes, you should be okay. most of exam questions are from the lecture notes and homework. overall great prof.', "he's a famous prof and a good teacher. although he's moody and his presentation is a bit boring. there must be a problem with his ears or his english because he didn't get some of the questions during the lectures. very hard homework questions but he solves them right after the deadline. too much strict for homework deadline which is the very begin", "a very good prof. course is not bad, if you spent time do/understand all the assignments. i think it's good that he made the noisy people be quite.", "very knowledgeable and smart prof, so it's worth to attend and listen to him. the biggest problem of this prof is you won't be able to get complete answers for your assignments. he shows solutions for some questions but not all. so, you don't know if your answers are correct for the other questions (ta marks the questions the prof showed answers).", 'excellent class and excellent prof', "cmpt 307 is hard, but he makes it as simple as possible. i am surprised that his explanations for master formula and select are way better than the ones in the textbook. the weekly assignments roughly took 15 hours each, but they are the core for getting good marks on exams. memorizing solutions usually doesn't work, but understanding logic does.", "good teacher, hard topic, he did well to help most of the students pass and his class always has more people passing, so i guess that means he's easier or a better teacher than other people for this class", 'very good prof, the course is taught like a math course, weekly assignments and such (some of which are hard) but thats how you learn the material. he is also crystal clear in his lectures and very approachable for help during office hours.', "great prof, the course is hard if you've never seen any of this stuff before but he does a good job with explaining it.", 'knows the course material very well, and teaches the stuff better than anyone at sfu.', 'he is the best macm prof ever!! the stuff is hard, be he teaches it well', "3 hours lecture. dry but understandable... requires alot of thinking and creativity. it always seems like hes jumping around topics and hard to follow if you are working through the textbook. midterm consists of 50%+ homework questions... good for some, bad for others that don't like memorizing...", 'i took combinatorics/graph theory from prof. hell 40 years ago, and it was (really!) life-changing. what i learned, esp. from programming assignments, made things easy in my 1st job as a database professional. more important, i learned teaching techniques i use all the time, and i ran business process imprvmt workshops on five continents last year.', "hard course in general, and he's well-experienced teaching it. however i wish there'd been more feedbacks for students during the semester. seeing my grades for assignments and midterm, it was not clear to me if i'd pass the course, which embarrassed me the whole time. but at the end i'm happy with my grade.", 'take him should you be hardworking.', 'he is the best prof that fits in what i believe to be the best way to learn and be tested. he gives clear lectures which his exams are all based on them and the homework. even he was old school using paper and pen in class, but he is the only one prof that i have taken who uses the recording system for us to review his lectures online. take him!!!', 'easy course, well taught', "he's an awesome prof. heaven is a good word to describe him. in what was always talked as the hardest cs class, he made it seem pretty understandable with simple concepts, etc. everyone did well in his class. so take him!"]
["his exams are hard, but the questions are fair. do practice from his homework to make sure you can speed through the easy questions, and write very detailly in your answers. lectures are a bit dull since he mostly just read his note, so do ask him if you didn't get something. the biggest flaw of his course is a quiz on the last day of class.", 'valentine is one of the best prof in sfu. he knows his staff and knows how to teach. the assignment is well related to quiz, and he will give the solution before the quiz. he makes this course much easier.', 'fair assignments + midterm. final..i didnt pass.', "good prof and hard course. notes posted online doesn't help much. careful when you want to get this course.", 'super nice and caring . a real gem:)', "i never was very good at math. however, his teaching is very good. you understand the core concepts quite well. also, his assignments/exams and their marking are very fair, unlike many other math courses i've taken. as long as you put effort into the class, you will do ok. everyone i've talked to likes him, and i'm not surprised.", "one of the best profs in sfu cs dep. he really knows what he is teaching. he is so knowledgeable in algs and complexity. he teaches clearly. so attending classes is a must. assignments are killers and so difficult but that's the way you learn the course content. midterms and finals are so fare and based on assignments.", 'my biggest beef with him is the exams. some of the exam questions are downright unfair, and they look nothing like the material presented during class. he likes to take some questions from obscure theoretical computing science results that only a researcher would typically be well-versed about in a third year course.', 'i can certainly say that he is (one of) the most dedicated professor teacher(s) at sfu, even in whole canada/world. he is amazingly organized and well-prepared for his classes; and also his profound knowledge rocks his classes.', 'lectures are somewhat interesting and you can tell valentine is passionate about algorithms and time complexity. quizzes and exams are challenging', 'incredibly knowledgeable and articulate. his lectures were organized and had a good flow, leaving no gaps in understanding. they were supportive for approaching new problems in the assignments. and the assignments were designed to solidify the lecture material. an excellent teacher.', 'very good professor! he was very clear and his pacing was good. of all the profs i had this semester, he is the only one who marked final exams quickly and posted the marks early enough for us to ask questions. his marking was also very fair. if the tas ever marked anything wrong, he would fix your grade. this makes all the difference in the world!', "4 quizzes. requires some critical thinking. pauses lecture regularly and asks if we have any questions. nice during office hours. only thing i don't like is his voice makes me sleepy. definitely recommended for cmpt 307.", "great prof, very nice, open to feedback and suggestions. interesting and interactive lectures. exams aren't a slam dunk, but are mostly applying the same techniques from lectures and assignments to different flavored problems. grades curved reasonably. notes posted online, you're missing out on the useful examples and diagrams if you skip though.", "good professor, of course. final is not hard with bonus points. reviewing quiz and materials will help to figure out questions. don't expect to get a good grade without hard work.", 'covered a considerable amount of the cormen book (for a first algorithms course). was very enthusiastic about the material and gave a deeper insight into complexity theory than what is normal for first algo course. assignments were challenging but interesting and were offset by more reasonable exams.', 'great person, great scientist.', 'i was scared of this course and the lectures i went to scared me even more, as i barely ever understood everything. his assignments were also fairly challenging, but you really learn a lot from the assignments. he is a really smart prof and both midterm and final were easy in my opinion. i got an a- in this class and the average was 65% (rel. high)', 'extremely tough subject to teach as a lot of the concepts are very tough. almost all algorithms and little about data structures. he tries very hard to make sure you understand and encourages us to ask for help. i find the grading scheme a little tough 4 15% quizzes and a 40% final. should be some assignments to distribute the grade more.', 'kabanets covers the content well. he defines all terms that are used. the quizzes are challenging, but doable (and curved). the final has an easy bonus question (what is your favourite algorithm) that is worth something meaningful (5 bonus points out of 100 points on exam).', "i didn't get a good grade in this course because i think the exams are hard, especially the last two quizes and the final exam. but the prof is a nice guy who can explain the concept and material well. his attitude is very nice and you can ask anything if you have questions.", 'he tries to cover everything in the book, but you have to do all the real work. he does his job and does not care if everybody fails or everybody passes with a(not likely at all!). nice guy.', 'an extremely hard subject taught clearly. cares a lot for students. answers questions thoroughly. gives challenging homework but fair tests.', "we had 4 quizzes and 1 final exam. quizzes were based on assignments which were quite challenging. be prepared to memorize algorithms, time complexity and proof by induction so forth. you need to put decent amount of time to understand materials. valentine teaches it well, really cares about students' learning. overall, i recommend him", 'half the material you will have learnt from cmpt225 or other previous cs courses. the assignments are quite challenging,so you might not even be able to start,while the midterms and final are much more easier.you will have no problem if you do your assignments and understand all the assignment solutions. p.s he is also an easy marker.', 'some of my classmates complained the assignments and midterms are brutal hard. i found them okay given that you do need to put a lot of thoughts and effort into it. need some mathematics skills i suppose. clear lecture, useful notes and examples.', "great professor, really interested in the subject. he goes over a lot of stuff from macm and cmpt 225, but there is a lot of stuff to learn as well. my only complaint is that i wish we went into hashing and red black trees. his tas were very lenient on the marking, worried i wouldn't do so well in the course but pulled out with a b!"]
['best professor for a cmpt course! lectures are informational, though you will learn alot of things, professor shinkar makes it very clear and fair on the exams. overall, very fair and you will pass all exams if you understand the assignments.', "the final grade is released. i am surprised by my grade because prof. shinkar is so respective and considerate. typically for science courses as long as you do not get 50% over final and midterm, you will fail the course. in this case 50 people will fail but igor he only gave like 25. also he gives more a's and the average goes to b-. he is nice.", "professor shinkar doesn't post solutions for practice questions and assignments. if you are not good at coding, avoid him. he covered a lot in cmpt125. the final exam was very difficult. many questions ask for writing code in c. but you will learn a lot from his lecture and his lecture is interesting. he always replies emails and questions online.", 'definitely one of the best prof i have had in sfu so far, expectation and grading were clear and concise. although his lecture and slides may not be the best thing ever, his passion and knowledge on the topic can really change the dynamic of the class!! also, easily accessible during office hours and on piazza which is a huge bonus.', "professor codes on the fly and if it doesn't compile, he is able to quickly troubleshoot errors. very clear on what you need to learn. gives tons of exercises (not for marks). assignments take a pretty long time to do and are due every 2 weeks. midterms and finals are fair but hard. a lot of written coding required.", 'great prof, always willing to help you understand the concepts. responds to emails very fast as wells as post on piazza. fair marker when it came to assignments and exams. the class it self is kind of difficult due to it having a lot of different concepts but igor only asked questions that are directly related to the material.', "hands down the best professor to ever teach cmpt 125 at sfu. his midterms aren't exactly that hard if you pay attention in lecture. lectures are interactive and the only one that has kept me awake so far for my duration at sfu. hopefully he continues to teach at sfu so i can take a class with him again.", 'professor shinkar is really nice. i hardly see an instructor who is so responsible and patient like him. he always responses your question quickly. i can feel that he really wants you to be great and interested in computing science. wish to learn with him in future again.', 'as a new instructor here, he is super nice to students.', 'prof. shinkar is accessible through piazza at almost any time. he tried hard to improve his teaching. he is a very respectful person.', "dr. shinkar is the best professor i've had so far in cs. he explains things dynamically to make the concepts more clear. i appreciate how he pauses at the end of each section to ask if there are any questions, and actually took looks for hands instead of rushing to the next section. his marking is very fair and he accessible via piazza", 'pretty average lectures and slides. covered a lot of material. answers lots of questions in piazza. midterm was good, final was significantly harder.', 'super easy class and great teacher. you will learn a lot from his explanations and his practice code. he really cares about his students and he will give you all the help you need to succeed in his course. just give a little effort and you will do great.', 'great prof. seay to understand', 'he is an exceptional professor and i am lucky to be enrolled in his classes. he is very accessible and one of the best teachers i have ever encountered. i wish i could enrol in more of his classes.', "i agree with all previous comments. awesome prof! it seems like he covered more material than previous cmpt125 profs, which is good b/c it prepares you for cmpt225, but if you only took 120 before this, then you weren't prepared for 125 in the first place,... so you'll probably struggle. the learning curve has to get you at some point!", 'really love this profg!! explain everything clear. exams are not hard if you pay attention to the class. also you need to work hard on the practice question he give you. however, a very pleasant experience on taking this course with igor shinkar!', 'this professor tries really hard and genuinely cares about his work and students. definitely a rare sight in sfu.', 'dr. shinkar is the greatest cs teacher i have ever had. to start off, i feel blessed to have a teacher who did his post-doctoral at uc berkeley. he genuinely wants you to learn the topics and understand the big picture. given that, he marks everything very reasonably and you can expect to do well if you put in the effort. well done, dr. shinkar.', "he's trying to cover as much material as possible. whenever i had questions, he was &quot;always&quot; easily accessible via forum called &quot;piaza&quot;. his lecture skill and quality of slide was mediocre, but considering that it was his first time teaching in sfu, i think it will be better.", 'nice prof, always answers questions. lectures are a bit unorganized but slides are usually pretty clear. grading was fair.', 'never really do this for profs but wanted to write this for igor because he is honestly a great prof. he explains concepts very well(course slides done very well), has really interesting course material, and answers questions good. attended every class because its worth it, and will definitely take future classes with him if he is teaching.', 'dr. shinkar explained all concepts exceptionally well and gave many opportunities for participation although it was not required. biweekly quizzes were fairly easy and the 5 assignments given over the semester never took too long. great course overall.', "great prof, always accessible via piazza (even in the wee hours of the morning), and truly cares about his students, particularly during exam season. had doubts about his teaching at the start of the semester, but he really did his best to ensure everyone's success... also let's you know when &quot;pop&quot; quizzes will be.", 'ok. the final is kind of hard. but i still love prof shinkar as he temporarily added half an hour more for our final, which was really nice and considerate. great teacher.', "i love him and i'm sure many do as well. enthusiastic, responsive, friendly. dr. shinkar is probably one of the most humble and caring professors in this school. assignments/exams aren't too hard as long as you understand what the lectures are about and do coding practice. super glad that i took this class. how's that for a nice thing to say? :d", "extremely extremely patient. willing to explain the same thing over and over again if you don't understand. i did not have any programming exp before except for 120, so i worked quite hard in order to get above average. make sure you do all the practice questions he gives, and you'll be fine on the exams. he's also really cute.", 'great professor. responds quickly to emails and to piazza. he helped me with the material many times. igor really cares about the students, and wants everyone to succeed.', 'you will not regret taking this class with this professor. fair amount of homework to get you prepared for exam so long as you take it seriously. tests are fair and not like some teachers that expect a great amount from you. i definitely feel like i have learned a lot and am more confident in my coding knowledge.', 'encourages and answers questions during and after class. very accessible and good at explaining the material. i highly recommend attending the lectures.', 'awesome professor! his lectures are very enjoyable and he is willing to put in the time to make sure you understand the concepts.', "i enjoyed igor's lectures. i didn't show up to every one (especially the two hour lectures), but i did find his lectures helpful. i went in not knowing a thing about c and came out with a lot of confidence in algorithms, big o, data structures and using c (helpful for cmpt127). my only criticism is that he sometimes goes a little too fast.", "dr. shinkar is awesome. friendly, passionate about the subject, encourages asking questions, etc. i found this course very challenging (other professors for 125 did not cover nearly as much/make 125 as difficult) but i'm glad i took it with dr. shinkar for this reason, as i feel like i've learned a lot over the semester."]
["he's a very nice prof. we had two programming projects and both were very interesting. you'll enjoy his lecture even if you are not really into the materials.", "one of the best cs prof i've had in sfu", 'excellent prof. if you are interested in a masters this is the guy to be a student for. he treats his masters students like friends and works hard to help them achieve. all his students go on to do great things....', "the dude looks like president sinclair from babylon5....'nuff said, great prof", 'good teacher', 'great prof. was able to communicate quite well. lectures were usually well structured..', 'good prof~~', 'so far so good. i enjoy the class, he makes it interesting', 'explains concepts very well', "havens flip flops more than john kerry. if you ask him how he grades an assignment, get it in writing, because its likely he'll forget what he said to you. also, he's an american who wants to be a canadian.", "overall i enjoyed this course and learned a lot about basic programming concepts from dr. havens. the assignments were interesting and challenging. however this isn't a course you can leave until the last minute and cram for. if you study diligently and attend classes regularly, it's not too hard to succeed in this course.", "he's pretty good, his final was okay i guess... except that i wish i could stay awake in his classes though zzz :)", 'good prof.. just focus on recursion', 'excellent professor. very enjoyable class.', "great lectures, unclear assignments. doesn't put enough time into his assignments/prep.", 'good teacher but very hard better avoid him', "bill is a great teacher for this course and actually has tried to teach programming, not just copying code samples. yes, the course isn't easy, but at least unlike every other course i've taken, he teaches it in a fun way with interesting assignments"]
["engaging prof, wry but lively sense of humour (as long as you don't ask stupid questions, you should be fine...). midterms and quizzes were hard but fair.", 'this is a nice jolly guy.', 'funny as far as cs profs go, which is to say, not very funny at all. good teaching style.', 'nice teacher...compared to others who teach this course', "very hard final but if you're smart you'll ride the curve =)", 'very enjoyable lectures', "final was hard, but this guy is the funniest in comp sci. he's into arts (pottery) as his first name suggests as well. very smart and sympathetic.", 'entertaining and fair', 'he teaches the material well, exams are fair. unfortunately, he seemed to have an irrational hatred for our class. midterms were arbitrarily remarked and marked down a lot. he then flipped out on us and said he wouldnt scale. final was really easy, yet his marking, again... put the average way below 50%. more than half the class failed.', 'would wish him to teach me all my courses!!', 'funny, and a good teacher', 'he rocks!', 'great at teaching a difficult subject. any problems usually came from the complexity of the subject, no from him. able to keep things light and entertaining even when you brain is about to explode. pop-quizes were great in forcing you to keep up with the material. tests/assignments were hard but fair.', "lectures are really fun, didn't miss one. final was a killer.", 'final was just way too hard!!!', 'funny guy, great prof. made lectures interesting', "art is a good teacher and is always available for extra help (which you will need). however, he gives very difficult exams and is also a very strict marker. the midterm average was 20-30%, and i'm pretty sure more than half the class failed. though i like art, i advise you wait for a different prof unless you thought macm 201 was an easy course.", 'very entertaining and very clear', 'great prof!', "art is great - he is a fantastic teacher and really knows his stuff. i am glad i didn't get him for 307 though! this writing course was a piece of cake, although i was a bit dissapointed with my grade. i had 86% and ended up with a b+, was hoping for an a range but not a big deal. highly recommended :)"]
["nice, competent prof. lectures not engaging and too connected to slides. follow the class and put the required time into the project and you'll do fine. recommended.", 'touch midterm, but close enough to assignments. overall challenging and interesting. one of the best in this school.', 'lots of material and workload, but worthwhile learning. understandable lecs although his english is fluent but problematic. somewhat challenging asns, but eventually doable. ta is a nice marker. major pbms are the 15% semesterlong project (tedious data cleaning and programming) and the bell curve which actually lowers grades of many students.', 'the bst teaching skills in the whole department. a super nice guy.', 'this guy is a genius. very keen.', 'good teacher, and assignment is very easy.', 'very nice in assigning the final grades. tough and fair final exam. i did not spend enough time until the last 2 weeks. the email discussion with him was particularly helpful. if i could take it once more, i would spend more time and do much better.', 'very interesting project, though sounds challenging. he explained the major ideas clearly, and left the details for you. clear lectures, easy to follow. of course, you have to read the textbook after the class. he has accent, but not too bad. highly recommended by people in his classes before. very nice guy overall.', 'nice teacher, really knows what he teahches. 3 assignments in total and one group project. easy midterm and final.', 'the classes in the first week were great. he touched some interesting and far from trivial topics immediately. the explanation is so clear that i had an easy time to read the textbook. i am looking forward to more in the course.', 'very hard project, but thankfully, a fun project and the small assignment load made it easier. jian is a very clear prof and an excellent teacher.', 'he teaches the details clearly. reading the textbook becomes much easier after his classes. most importantly, the exam questions are consistent with the assignment. enjoying ...', 'he often talks about practical concerns and solutions, which cannot be found in our textbook. the materials are not easy, but quite useful afterall. i got something really helpful in job hunting. i realized that only after my interviews. the final grades were surprisingly nice. i wish i had spent more time on it.', "jian is a good teacher and is very helpful with any of his students' problems. the exams were fair, but tough. the project was long, but not too challenging.", "super easy. class average is currently around 95%... what this means for final grades we'll see. interesting project and decent lectures. he is clear and seems to understand what to say to convey the material clearly and efficiently.", 'he is a very good, helpful, and knowledgeable instructor', 'jian is very interested in the area of data mining and it shows. he is very passionate in his lectures and conveys the material well. english is an issue for him, very thick accent and sometimes he is hard to understand. other than that very good. would highly recommend for this class.', 'very good prof, fair and knows how to teach :)']
['dr. kay is one of the best prof at sfu. he is very organised and his lecture is always helping you to understand the logic not memorising. if you regularly attend the lecture and follow his advice, at least b- is there. i hope all the course could be taught by him.', 'very good prof. if you do not understand anything he will explain very well. if you do understand it can be quiet boring. assignments and midterms are very similar and he allows cheat sheets on finals and midterms. highly recommended you take him for macm.', "kay is awesome! he's very passionate about teaching and obviously knows what he's talking about. the course itself is quite difficult but he offers alot of examples and extra help when asked.", 'easiest a+ i have get,best prof ever', 'the first midterm is worth 40% and is basically a freebie as he makes it easy. the lectures are slow before the first midterm. then he goes very fast after it, with a final worth 50% and is way more difficult than the material you see in class.', 'great professor and can teach this course incredibly well. be prepared to attend every lecture and take notes. the notes are incredibly helpful and will help you succeed in his class.', "as long as you do all the review, readings, and assignments to the point that you fully understand all the concepts, you're guaranteed an a in this class. attending lecture is crucial, he covers a lot of material in class, especially after the first midterm. very willing to help, and most importantly, teaches extremely well!", '78% midterm, 59% final average. 11/92 people failed the course because they failed the final. (thats his rule)... best to study assigments', "he's a great prof, once he gets warmed up with the class he's more easy-going and it makes the lectures a little more fun. attendance to lectures is mandatory if you want to pass because he handwrites his notes, therefore they cannot be downloaded off the internet. however, he is quite good at explaining and is there to help.", 'one of the best professors for teaching macm 101. midterm was extremely easy. as long as you attend lecture and do the homework/review questions, you can easily get 80%+', 'i highly recommend dr. wiese. very clear, helpful and patient. obvious he really knows his stuff. he makes the course easy for you; and only tests you on relevant material. (and the cheat sheet really takes the stress out of the exam)', "people are way too nice. his midterms are not that easy and his final exams are way too hard. he teaches extra material that he didn't cover in class and tests you on it in the final exam.", 'he was a great teacher. i did great for the midterm (a), then i slacked off after that. i only completed half of every assignment, which was a big mistake. just fully complete the assignments and study for the final (which was, whether i had continued to study hard or not throughout the course, harder than the midterm)and you will get ur a or b.', "excluding content, very good at teaching and presenting. sows down on difficult or important topics we need to grasp. because macm 101 is filled with facts, it restrains time that we don't get to comprehend the material clearly. but, friendly, and will give you tips for the exams. exams are not hard. recommended to study early. cool accent, btw!", 'awesome prof choice for macm 101. as a first year, he introduced the concepts very well (however, it was very theory-heavy). it was an enjoyable class and he was always happy to help students whenever possible. the midterm / quiz were very easy, the final went into depth with specific concepts. overall super enjoyable.', 'good professor, humurous, and understands students do not have the luxury to invest all their time into one math course. tells you what to expect on the exams. 10/10 would take again', "best prof i ever had at sfu! teaches very well and cares about student's learning and success. would take again. 10/10"]
['this guy does know his stuff. fair-ish tests ...', 'absolutely amazing! he really knows his stuff & has real-world non-academic exp!', 'one of the best professors at sfu. always available and eager to help out (has at least 3 ways of reaching him at any time). helps student understand the material in depth, and is always good to stop by and chat if he has office hours. sfu needs more professors like him!', 'great prof, kind of iffy marking but extremely intersting teaching', 'he marked assignments and test subjectively. he likes out dated concept from textbook and disagrees creative designs. even you spend a lot of time on doing "real" user research and design a "real" ui that sfu students really need. he will still give you low marks due to his personal point of view. avoid this class if you do want to be creative.', 'dynamic lectures', 'interesting lectures but his tests rely too much on memorization. especially in the midterm. marking on homework unpredictable.', 'very good prof, and knows the stuff well', 'every lecture with hibbitts will blow your mind. the material is interesting, well organized, and teaches you valuable skills. if you can show you understand the material, even if you do bad on assignments or the midterm, you can still get an a in this course. paul hibbitts is a god amongst men! do not miss your chance to take this course with him.', 'great prof, no textbook, clear notes and lectures', 'he is one of the best professor at sfu. recommend!', "opposite to the common belief, i didn't find the marking to this course subjective. it's just a matter of learning certain concepts and applying them on practice. very helpful prof and very interesting lectures.", 'a++ prof. take paul if you want to learn excellent user centered design. siat students should also take this course as you learn a lot more then in other iat courses. assignments and marking is beyond fair and you really get to use everything that you have learned in class for the three group assignments.', 'work load is very little, but study load is a lot. the tests are pretty easy if u study', "of course the marking is subjective, it's a freaking design class. anyways, the class was great and hibbitts is an excellent prof. keeps the class dynamic, interactive, and very interesting. great course, great prof, and not too hard to boot.", 'best prof ever!!!', 'shows great understanding of the material (especially thru his lectures). assignments are very well-related and requires the student to do a little more than usual. midterm and final exam are subjective and requires you to really know your stuff. overall, a great course and a great prof. (best one!)', "paul's one of the best instructors who has ever taught me. he's very nice and kind to students; quite helpful too. you won't regret taking his course.", 'paul is definitely the best prof i have ever met in my sfu life. take this course, go to lecture, i guarantee you will change your perspective on ux design completely', 'paul is one of the best professors at sfu. he not only lectures, but also actively works in the industry. he has a highly modern teaching style & seems to genuinely care about his students. he is polite, professional & is always available. all readings are (free) online, group project is big but allows you to pick your own groups & grade your peers', 'take him if u wanna learn good ui design', "very good teacher keeps the class interesting. very good &quot;applied&quot; techniques. all you whiners .... well you're whiners! its a design course so duh its subjective! he says it in the first class! u dont like it buh-bye", "paul is honestly one of the best profs at sfu. talking to him was like talking to a friend. asking him for help was always super easy because he usually responds on the canvas discussion board. if anyone is interested in cmpt 363 or needs extra credits. paul's class is honestly the best choice.", "i enjoyed almost every class. he knows what he's talking about, and directly linked it to real world examples. the course yields an easier work-load, which is not paul's fault. he did a great job teaching the material. i have heard he can be non-helpful to some people though. can't win em all."]
['she was a very kind woman. needs more practice in teaching, but overall a good course.', 'wow this was ages ago. i remember it was a great course and a great prof.', 'i took this course a couple years ago. it was easy and the professor was nice :-)', 'a good woman, dedicated pro, but relatively not good at teaching', "if you just read the notes, and understand them (not a difficult task, if you're not stupid) and attend her lectures for possible quizes you can easily get an a.", 'very nice professor. a+!', "took this course some years ago while in simon fraser university. got an a (or a+, can't really remember). overall, an easy course.", "i got an a- by attending the class less than 10 times (as it was boring). ppt notes were quite well (not done by her). she basically just reads off the powerpoint for the entire lecture. her assignments were fair. she's quite helpful. recommend for students who have good cs basics and don't mind doing some independent studying.", 'she is very nice. overall this was a very easy and useful course.', "she can't teach but the assignments and labs are pretty easy. stutters a lot during lectures and because of it, less than 50 out of 120 students bother attending her lectures. only reason to attend is for possible quizzes for bonus marks otherwise you're better off just reading the lecture notes she provides, at home.", 'she is a great instructor, her notes are clear and easy to follow. as long as you attend class and follow the examples she solves in class you should expect at least a b. many of the questions she includes on her quizzes and tests are taken directly from class notes.', "don't remember much but a fairly easy course.", "i took this class ages ago! i was just looking at some of my sfu prof's pages on rmp. as most of people mentioned here, the prof was very nice. fair amount of assignments and i remember exams were similar to the problems in the assignments.", "i actually remember this course quite well. she was obviously knowledgable. and i think this was her 1st time teaching so she wasn't 100% ready every time but good overall.", 'i just stumbled upon this page and remembered her. good course!', 'good overall. good for your gpa if you know ds. there are bonus marks if you attend the class (bonus quizzes) which make it easy to get an a.', 'she is a good teacher. and she is very kind. also she gives good marks!', "i just stumbled upon this page. don't remember much about the course (few years ago). she was nice and the exams were fair. a lot of assignments but it was worth it. overall no complaints.", 'good course.', 'awesome prof.']
['i learned a lot from this course. specially on trust based recommender systems. he knows very well what he is teaching and generally encourage students to participate in the class.', "you'll do well in his course as long as you understand his accent. killer final exam, but nice curve.", "explains things well if you're okay with the accent, but exams are killer.", 'tough final. did not cover too much material but not necessary mean easy...', "ke wang is one of my favorite profs because he is willing to help answer questions and all you need is his notes to do well. he also changes completely every quiz every term so people can't cheat and use past resources. down side is that his english isn't that good.", 'ke wang is the best you can have. you can literally go to his office at any time and he will help you with any question. went there 2 hrs before quiz too. also answers any question in class, so just ask. the ta we had was a super easy marker. the actual subject is definitely not straight forward tho. but if you have ke, you already half passed', 'awsome awsome prof', "this prof is very smart and very good at teaching,he's teaching is very clear. if you actually listen to what he says, you will get the idea .he definitely good at what he does.exam is fair. he also encourage students to ask questions too,and unlike many other prof,he 90% of time understand what your questio are and rephrase them in simpler words", "excellent professor. knows the content of this course very well, as he's been teaching it for a while. his accent may distract a few people, but overall he's pretty clear and concise. would take another class with him.", 'he is best prof i had so far at sfu. his teaching is crystal. he always encourages audience raise questions and always answered them. as the result, the whole class is so much engaged. advice: please attend lectures, do the exercise he asked.', "i honestly missed most of the lectures, but i read the book, and was able to end up with an a in the course (i was lazy, or it could have been an a+). i recommend using the lecture notes as a guide and just read the book until you understand everything, or just go to lectures and listen really carefully and you'll do well.", 'as long as you listen and understand in the lecture, you will do great without too much effort. midterm and final requires thinking, not just writing out from the book.', 'great prof!', 'highly recommend! very good prof. only had quizzes and final exam. explained the material in a very clear and simple way. he encourages questions and ensures students understand the material. must attend lectures as he explains it very well. he provides practice questions and goes through them in class.', 'boring class but clear from prof. expect to do bad on the first test to get the idea of how he tests.', "he's loud and precise when teaching, so it's very easy to follow what he says. he always encourages questions and smiles when people ask them during class, so you can tell he just genuinely enjoys helping students. assignments are tricky but help you learn. exams are fair, most are 2/3 average difficulty with the last 1/3 testing very tricky stuff.", "the prof understands material very well and always explains in simple words. he encourages students to ask questions and do exercises in order to get a better understanding of the course. though he has a little chinese accent, it's not a big deal i think. overall, a hard-working and excellent prof!"]
["knowledgeable, personable, interesting, and clear. better than many profs in the faculty, even though he is a sessional. for those who commented that the assignments/tests were too hard, you are clearly not ready for upper-division cs,as this was one of the easier and clearer courses i've taken.", 'you will feel confidence in databases at the end.', 'hard assignments and exams', 'easy assignments, if your not clear with what to do go and ask him directly during his office hour, he is helpful.the last assignment is hard (given the time) limited time but tons of things to do, not if your taking 1 course.the only thing i dont like about his course is his final exam, extremely hard! from a+ to b-', "attend the lectures and learn what he teaches in the lectures, and you'll do just fine.", 'sometimes hard to follow the class. assignments and exams were fair except the time for midterm. generally recommended', 'nice guy :) he explains things very clearly', 'liked his style', 'he knows the material well and does a good job of teaching it. he was using some of the material from the online stanford course which i thought was clever. totally recommend taking 354 with him.', 'great prof, course is not that hard for a upper division cs course.', 'hassan asked a lot of questions about problems before giving out the solution which made lectures more interesting. definitely recommended', 'excellent professor! he cares students so much that although some materials in lecture might be hard, he will explain and show examples more than once until he made sure that everyone can understand. you will find the course under his teaching become interesting. some assignments takes time, but he will give detailed instruction!', "if you follow the instruction well, it's easy to get an a+!", 'good instructor and fair mareker.', 'good lectures. would repeat until everyone understands. fair exams. recommended.', 'helpful, knowledgeable, personable. knows his material well, and can teach it well. to the previous commenters that claim the assignments/exams were too hard, you are clearly not ready for upper division cs, as this was a relatively clear and easy course.', 'good prof, knows the material well and extremely fair marker.', "great guy. this course is very interesting to me and is actually not hard. his lectures were interesting, assignments and exams were pretty fair to me although i do messed up the last assignment...but interesting enough i've got pretty high marks on his mid term and final. be advised, start your assignments early or you'll mess them up.", "thanks a lot. hassan. i've had a lot of fun in your class. hope you do well in the future."]
['explains very well, and definitely knows the material extremely well. be aware that assignments and exams will be very difficult and lengthy (in the case of assignments). start early, and do the work.', 'great instructor, but teaches difficult courses. updates class notes online regularly. not necessary to attend class, but will certainly help. easy to understand.', 'the course is very well organized, which walks you through basic algorithms with a few more steps exploration. team projects have heavy workload but really prepare you with actual capability in performing ai research for nlp application. this is rewarding.', 'writing a compiler is a fair bit of work so beware the assignments. was an interesting class with pretty good notes (although perhaps a little overemphasis on grammars --- his research focus)', 'compilers are hard. but anoop does it in a way thats manageable. assignments take time and you need to spend a lot of time on them. but talking to my friends who took it in surrey i spent significant less time on the assignments and felt i learned the same material.', "amazing lectures, amazing professor. the final project is a working end-to-end translations system which you'd be developing throughout the semester in the form of assignments. the class is heavily applications oriented. i would take any course offered by the prof.", 'firstly i like his sense of humour. four assignments are a little bit time-consuming if you are not familiar with nltk. no final exam but a final project. btw, his ta is quite helpful and nice.', 'anoop is definitely one of the best in cs at sfu. classes are clear, the materials on the course website clearer! the assignments are tough, but absolutely helpful. the test framework and the leaderboard helps a lot. project is really interesting. he cares for the subject. and his comic gestures are a cherry on the top. do take the course.', 'great prof with great passion toward natural language processing.', 'anoop is one of the best at sfu. his course website is great with very clear pdfs of his slides. assignments are very well organized. he provides a test framework which helps a lot in trying to solve them. very personable guy with a good sense of humor.', "cares about the topic. he's funny and makes the lectures interesting. nicely laid out assignments and will give more time to class if needed. awesome perl teacher."]
['excellent lecturer, but a poor professor. he conveys his knowledge well, but possesses poor organizational skills. i would still recommend taking a class with him though as he is very merciful on exams.', 'very nice prof. the lectures given are pretty clear and helpful. as an international student, my english is terrible. but he was still very patient listening and explaining to me if u have any problem. so greatful to him.', "very nice prof. always helpful, however i did not go to the lectures, and either half the class dropped out or many other people stopped going as well. the book used in class is all i needed. the assignments and midterms were fair. some times it wasn't clear what was being asked on the assignments, though.", 'excellent professor. slightly disorganized but makes himself very available in office hours. crystal clear in lectures, highly recommend him!', 'very good lectures,but when it comes to assignments,which are somehow much more harder than it was taught during the class,it is not so good anymore. +sometimes late for classes', 'he is a great prof, so patient and very kind to students', 'he is really helpful and a nice prof. going through all the examples help you succeed.', 'helpful and nice, willing to help, though some time late for the class. he is good anyway.', 'great prof !', 'he is a very nice guy, very helpful if you go to his office hour. he is willing to give examples and explain to you. not many assignment but they are time consuming, prepare them as early as you can', 'i got no programming background whatsoever but i thought he was crystal clear!! and very approachable! great lecturer and super helpful. glad i took his class! =]', 'easy introductory to java course. prof was ok.']
['amazing lecture', 'helpful. willing to share and help.', 'amazing', 'great teacher', 'he is the best. i took cmpt130/135 with him last year and because of him i have very strong foundations in c++. there is no prof who can teach c++ better than him. you just need to understand his slides and you can do all assignments, midterms and final without touching the book. his programming assignments really help in understanding too.', 'he will clear all your doubts. amazing prof', 'amazing lecture, caring, participation matters.', 'awesome teacher who makes coding easy. no need for the textbook. gives lots of good (optional) practice. will definitely take him again.', "this is the prof that made me interested in coding again and made me work on my own rather than spoon feeding. he is the best. you'll say the same after the end of your semester with him.", 'hardest thing i have even done.', "yonas is truly an amazing prof. he's one of those profs that really make you love the course and actually make you excited to attend his lectures. if you're taking cmpt 130 he can be a tough grader. he gives lots and lots of lab work questions to practice as homework. but if you do all of them and attend his lectures you'll have no problems at all.", "participation matters. skip class? you won't pass. amazing lecture.", 'he is a really good instructor. read all his lecture notes carefully and do all his lab works, you are guaranteed at least an a-. he does answer every question carefully. please try answer to answer and check for every possible mistake before asking him.', 'friendly']
["his lectures were interesting, and his assignments were well related to the material that he taught. his midterm and final were fair, completely based on the notes for his class. didn't use the textbook much, just read his notes on his website. if you had to take this class, take it with him!", 'really takes the time to explain things in detail. and, instead of simply reading slides off a powerpoint, he actually engages himself into doing some examples in class.', 'the best pro i have ever seen in my life!!! high recommended!!!!', "great prof, doesn't teach with slides but rather through example-i find this better for programming courses as you can follow along easier. despite what was previously said, my friends and i found him to be quite funny. final wasn't too bad, practice the problem sets given!", 'great proff', 'very nice prof, will take his course again. the assignments are not easy but really help you to understand. notes are online and everything are base on the notes.', 'the best cmpt166 teacher ever!!!', "great & helpful prof! very glad to have taken 383 with him, he couldn't have explained concepts better. his midterm/final were extremely fair, if you studied you did fine - generally he will give outlines, follow them! assignments/projects sometimes tedious but for the most part very manageable. great course overall! definitely recommend.", 'odd personality, very intelligent concerning his subject. tends to have low expectations of students concerning their abilities to provide quality work.', "imo the best prof i've had at sfu. i've taken 135 and now 383 with him and in each of those classes i've actually learned something useful. in 383 you get really into functional programming and the languages you have to learn really teaches you to think in a different way. very fair assignments and exams. take this course with him.", 'excellent prof. his online notes are awesome! just study those thoroughly. his assignments are super fun. they are like puzzles and are about the right difficulty. highly recommend this prof for cmpt 383!!', "great prof! very helpful and he doesn't make you feel stupid when you ask him a question. midterm was veryy fair and easy, it was so much easier than i thought it was going to be. final was very fair if you studied and know your stuff."]
['her assignments and exam are fair, but her attitudes during class are excellent. her teaching is clear. she ll teach u more if u ask her during her office hour. she makes me feel the course is interesting and fun. ofcourse, u still have to work hard and think hard to get a high mark', "i enjoyed funda's class, she's got a great sense of humour. assignments and tests are both fair, imo (plus the class is always curved). teaches from textbook-based slides that are posted online. my only gripes are that she can be a tad disorganized and her wording on assignments can be vague at times.", "very nice and knowledable prof. will take the time (sometimes too long) to explain the finer details, and always (and i do mean always) checks to see if there are questions. only major complaint is that 99% of the class was her reading power point notes (which she said at the beginning of the term she wouldn't do). otherwise, very good prof.", "she is not quite up-to-date, but knows the course content well enough to teach it. you can do just as well by reading the textbook alone, although her explanations help, but they're just so long and windy...", "an excellent teacher to take 371 with. i have no idea why people complain about her using the powerpoint slides that come with the textbook, they're good slides! i much happier that she used them then tried making up her own material. her explanations aren't always clear but if you ask her to work through an example you'll get what she means.", "funda is bar none the best professor i've had so far at sfu. fun, helpful, and very engaging -- she genuinely cares about her students. there's no wonder why she's the graduate director!", 'well, she is one of my favorite teacher. her notes are clear and well organized. read all the notes will guarantee u a c+ or higher. listening to her lectures and take her side notes will get an easy a!!', 'very good professor. extremely clear lectures.', 'great professor. you follow the slides, and listen in class you should be have a decent mark. if you ever have questions or problems, she is very kind and will help you out. she understands the situations students are in, and keeps that in mind when it comes to assignments or exams. i highly recommend her, unless you want to do programming!', "best professor ever! she is inspiring when she teaches her subject. she is a very nice person, who cares about her students. she's also a fair marker. i only wish she also taught networking ii. as it is, the choices for that course are not great.", 'if you would like to actually learn, and be in a good class then take this course with her!', "a prof whose exams seem extremely hard, but at the end of the day, she marks very fair and really tests if you know what you're doing or not. i didn't much like the popup quizes, aka attendance checks, but i guess that's her choice. assignments were doable and marked easily."]
['very good professor who makes a boring class a bit more interesting. she is definitely interested in the material and overall it is a an easy class. it is true for an hci professor she seems to have problems using her computer. would take a class with her again.', 'exams are incredibly easy, lots of assignments but none take much work. easy credit and somewhat interesting.', 'first time teaching this course. basically summarizes the recommended text and present them to us. good research background, but comments regarding hci made in class are too subjective. this is a theory class; not an art class. a lot of overlap with cmpt 275. a lot of work required; be prepared.', 'course involves a semester-long group project, so beware of deadweight group members. slept through 90% of lectures and still managed to get an a. assignments are generally fair (though difficulty may depend on what your group decides to for the project), exams are also very fair. grades participation based on class activity handout sheets.', "simple class, with not a whole lot of work required. i'd say it's a pretty easy credit.", 'a bit spinny, but still a nice enough prof. 340 is brutal!', "very easy course, and stella makes it that much easier. the projects were very straight forward, the presentation at the end was really easy, and the midterms were pretty standard. you've got to study off of the notes, and you'll do fine. got an a+ and i attended half the lectures. just study the slides and notes, and you'll be fine.", 'a very easy class. unfortunately, it is also tediously boring. stella does her best to make it interesting. her grading is fair, the workload is light, and the usefulness is rather limited.', "i had an enjoyable time with her for summer 2007 intersession, but too bad it wasn't full semester. tries to keep lecs interesting, and admits she's like all of us who aren't experts in all user interfaces. that's how we learn and improve. manageable tests and asns and fairly marked. more importantly they reflect what we learned in class and text.", "overall a pretty easy course. i managed to get an a in this class which is rare for me considering that i am not a smart student and pretty lazy. exams are pretty easy, read through her lecture notes and you'll easily get a decent grade. would definitely take another course with her if i got the opportunity.", "one of the easiest courses i've taken in sfu. it shows that she's not an expert in ui design and hci. but what the heck, ive taken it because its a gpa booster, cant complain", "very easy course and she's a good prof, minus her inability to use exactly what she's teaching (i.e. interfaces) some things are annoying about her but marking is fair and class expectations are more than fair - at least for this course which was a breeze. the notes are decent, and lectures aren't all that boring."]
['he is a good prof for sure! however, i think he demands his students in this course too much', "a cute and helpful prof. his lectures are clear and helps a lot w revision. if you listen to the lecture and take good notes (i.e, your own understanding along with filling the blanks he gives), you'll do well.", 'good professor, very clear and helpful', 'a very great prof. he is nice and helpful. he explains things very clearly. as long as you attend the classes, pay attention and study the notes, it will be an easy a for you.', 'exceptionally clear speaker. reads from powerpoint slides. i did not use my textbook.', 'this guy kicks ass.', 'amazing prof. he makes things so easy to understand and is very good with answering any questions or clarifying his in-class examples. his assignments can be tough but he gives very good directions as to how to do them while still being able to teach the important lesson of the assignment.', "very good prof!! best one i've met in cmpt and he knows his stuff very well. class notes are useful so do attend class.", 'i think harinder is a good prof. his lectures are very organized and if you do not understand, you can ask him after class or in office hour. he is not an easy prof. his exams are pretty tricky. if you do well in labs and assignments, you are going to be getting b+.', 'interesting course.fantastic prof,speaking clearly and making difficult things really easy for u to understand!!midterms are pretty easy.', 'good pro.', 'awesome prof', 'work hard.', 'great prof. very ethical person. his classes are very interactive and interesting. crystal clear in his explanations. encourages class discussions to make it more interesting. without a doubt, one of the best profs at sfu.']
['dr. lim is truly a sweetheart and that is prevalent in her lectures. you can see that she does anything and everything in her power for her students to understand the lecture material.', "dr. angelica is nice and very sweet, though her exams are quite difficult, specifically her coding questions. although there are only 2 questions, i've heavily been relying on my cheat sheet to somehow get a code that at least consists of some of the python elements for both midterms. terrified for final bc no cheat sheet.", 'angelica was the best professor i had in my 3 years of uni. i only took cmpt because i was interested in the topic, with no previous programming knowledge. her lectures are clear, her tests tricky but fair and she is very approachable outside of lectures. highly recommend', 'funny, caring, and kind. a good prof and a great person. she makes classes fun and engaging. you actually feel like you learn alongside her, as she is very humble. exams can vary in difficulty, but are manageable.', 'one of the best professors i have ever taken for a course at sfu. she is very passionate about what she teaches and is also a very kind and inspirational person. if you have a chance to take one of her courses, do it.', 'she encourages everyone to bring their laptops to code along with her during lectures, so you actually leave each lecture having learned something. she made this course really enjoyable, especially for those of us who had no prior computer science experience', "she's a decent 1st time prof with good explanations. she posts everything and records lectures so that's no need to attend but you should. homework was free marks but her exams had hard mcq and she didn't allow a cheatsheet in the final so memorize your syntax! my other complaint was she only had 1 office hour per week but she helped after class.", "her class are very fair and very doable to get a good grade. she is a sweet lady, but don't let it fool you because her quiz and exam are not easy. make sure you study all of her notes very well.", 'angelica is super sweet and patient. i love her lectures and i did learn something in her class!', 'angelica is a really nice prof. you can tell that she is very passionate about computing science. she even gave us cookies on the first day. all of us.', 'the professor is very nice and informative, even though i have no background of coding and never went to the lab to ask for help. i could still learnt alot from dr lim, just by attend the lecture(it is extremely helpful). the exams are not too hard, but some of them maybe tricky. however, if you pay enough effort, it will be a gpa booster.', 'super nice and a lovely prof. her lectures are a bit stale, but she teaches with enthusiasm. would not mind if she taught all my courses.', "she is the nicest prof i 've met. even if you don't understand any concept, at any point in the semester, she will take her time and go out of her way to explain it to you. very very sweet. 10/10"]
["best so far. he's 100% into lectures and goes on a tangent to explain any question you ask . funny, high energy, and practically begs you to come to his office hours. this guy is a machine. you can email him 24/7 for a reply within 5 minutes, and he creates entire program frameworks overnight from scratch for simple assignments. huge industry exp.", "he always gives hint probably every class. he always emails you back if you have a question. during the assignments he'll email at least 5 emails giving you hints and if you show up in lecture he'll practically give you the answer. notes are so in dept that you don't even need the book and he's always in csil if you wanna ask him questions.", 'awesome professor. he was very enthusiastic during lecturers, you can tell he has a passion for what he does. he is great at helping his students and is willing to take time out of his busy schedule to meet with his students. 10/10 would recommend.', 'the nicest cmpt professor i have ever met, and he does care a lot about his student. i really recommend to go his office hour as often as you can!', "awesome professor who is very enthusiastic in lecture and keeps it interesting with the occasional joke. he also gives hints on assignments and exams during lecture so it's a good idea to go. very respondent to emails and will stay after hours to help you on assignments. he made cmpt 125 very easy and i highly recommend him.", 'one of the best. sfu is lucky to have him. clear assignments. quizzes based on slides. go to class & you get hints. pay attention & ace the quizzes. scott is funny. great personality. ask him questions, he loves to help. 10/10 prof. would take a class with him again, 100%.', "scott is amazing! i've never had a prof as helpful as hime in sfu. one time he literally stayed in csil from 4 till 9ish to help out with every student. got tons of hints on exams and assignments. also would reach out to students for extra help. if you could, take java with him.", 'very enthusiastic, his lectures are interesting as he shares his experiences in the field to the class. really nice guy and helps students as much as he can. he understands that not every student has the same back ground in computer programming and throws out many hints for those less experienced. amazing professor, looking forward to more classes!', 'nice guy, super clear, and super helpful. i thought the class was surprisingly difficult so be prepared to work hard, i did well because of prior java experience. his exams are challenging but he gives lots of hints as to their content during lectures.', 'very nice, very enthusiastic, and very helpful. he goes quite fast during lectures (it is helpful to read the textbook before the lecture) but he does repeat the most difficult concepts several times to make sure everyone understands. he gives lots and lots of hints and genuinely wants everyone in the class to succeed. an excellent prof overall.', 'not the most clear instructor, but puts his lecture slides online which helps. very respondent to emails, and helpful in office hours. he also gives "hints" as to what will be on the exam and more or less tells you how to do the projects. i recommend him!', 'given it was his first term lecturing he was pretty successful. mostly read off the slides. encouraged questions during class, but would scoff at people who asked simple questions, pretty demeaning sometimes. the midterm and quizzes were fairly simple, and he would often tell us beforehand what specific questions to expect.', "scott is the man! his lectures are informative and his tests are super clear. the assignments can get a little tough but he's always there for you if you need help. office hours are also really great, and he's really fast on emails. he's really passionate about cs and was nice enough to move my exam to another day since i had a conflict )"]
['love him! really nice, really helpful and always there to help you out. always available through emails and office hours. would answer hundreds of questions after class, cuz there would literally be a line of students rushing up to him and he was always so nice about it.', 'super nice prof super easy midterm! get cheat sheets for both midterm and final exam. usually finishes lectures early but he would stay for students to ask questions. very awesome class, very awesome prof.', "he is a new teacher and doing extremely well in teaching. he genuinely cares about his students and wants them to do well. if you've got any questions about the course content, he will very willing to help. sent him multiple emails asking for help, he replied to every single one of them in a lot of detail.", "it's a really helpful course of basic htmlcss knowledge and skill. and stephen is doing really well as a new teacher here. all htmlcss video casts are uploaded on youtube which is extremely helpful. python is a little bit tough, but he will give you many resources to guide you learn yourselves. nice professor, excellent course, highly recommanded", 'easy course....! and fair marking', 'nice guy! and easy take!', 'really easy going prof. cheat sheets are allowed for midterms and final. he sometimes finishes lecture early but would stay for students to ask questions. very awesome class with him.', "excellent prof, he's wants all his students to succeed. finishes lecture 10 mins early but uses those 10 mins as time to help students stuck on assignmentslabs. he's very clear on what is expected on the midtermfinals as long as you attend lecture and do well on the assignments.. this class will be a gpa booster ;)", 'he is helpful and nice to student. he will extend assignments and have passion towards teaching. best professor ever in sfu, if you pay attention in lecture and can easily get minimum easy b or above. highly recommended!!!!!', "this prof will help you and guide you through your obstacles. however those obstacles aren't particularly difficult."]
['pay attention in class and you would easily get an a. very caring and supportive. lengthy lectures but covering all material.', 'hes absolutely amazing! his slides are very easy to understand and very detailed. pay attention in class so you dont have to spend much time reviewing before exams.', 'best professor ive ever met.', 'his lectures are long, but he is super helpful in every single detail.', 'caring and amazing instructor. you can clearly see he wants to teach, wants to help you. responds to email very fast too.', 'he sets a little difficult exam but if you practice you can get a easily. he is a great teacher and always ready to help .', 'very good at explanation. has good lecture notes. informs very well on what to do and what not to do.', "he is the best prof i've met. he is a very nice and caring prof. he explains concepts well. he won't get pissed of if you ask easy concepts. he is always happy to help you with the course materials. he also uses interesting methods to teach. he brought cups with numbers to teach us the sorting concept. this made me to understand it easier", "hi pooya, i'm calvin, your fic student. thanks for the awesome lectures. very caring and like to give us biscuits and candies. best professor ever! please teach me in sfu again !", 'he is a very caring person. he will be here whenever you have any questions no matter in class or outside class. amazing teacher!']